#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnisf4-WHDpPHsTUb-YNhEkUPC1Kg-JKGFU39mOehQ=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", AB Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/sd/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ananda Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-X0463VRpcpM/WEaaUATDuNI/AAAAAAAAFhw/UYHQuv64BGUhu6dcIerrb2HT7QbmKuQuwCLcB/s1600/asian-tv.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Asian TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2e/ATN_Bangla.svg/240px-ATN_Bangla.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", ATN Bangla
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XVlRPMXBXV0ZoMGIxb1hhaHBXUTRsbVluWjJhTDlrUXlBM2JoMTBVM00yWlJaMlIwTW1VeWRtYzR0bWVHZFdTd1EwY0hOR2J0bDNiWHhFZHRobmNPdEVXNEUzVXpVak13ZG1iM3hVYVlGVld6eGthU3BWTUoxR1ZRbHpZU1ZuYUpGMmNSZFVPblJ6YXJzQ09LRjNLRVpIVzRCemJtVlhldGhWU3lKRWUxcEhiUGxXZXBCWFZJdGtjeGhYWXZzMFUyQlRRMU1qWXJvbVd3d0VWdjkwWkZGRlpHZGtUdU5EYWpkVVlSZDJNcWRsVVc5R2V3Um5ZaTFVYzNGRmI1bFVWdVpYVjRRRlJEZGxlRVoyTUpKbFRxUlRVb2RGTU50V1FyOWljdmwxWlJkSFdZMVVVekJGY2xwMlJ3NFdPSkpUU3pwMVpERjNhWlZtUzVCMVR5RW5kMllIUlRSSGFVaGtkaEJsZElKV1I2dFdVeWRIYlRwSFIzVjBRS1JIY05KM0xDWjJSckpqYzFZWE5pMVdNSUptTXd3MmRybFVXcFpFY3VGM2F0RlhRek1YY1ZWRVp4OUdhNFFUUnd4MmI1ZGpZMlpVVmtwM2FwaDFidlIyZFVaMEx1VmtZNEoxTnhoME52UVhiSnAzS25oMWNTVnpUdlIzZHYxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/atn-news.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", ATN News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608228_ico.png?ts=1613146518" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/8d/Bangla_Tv_Logo.jpg/220px-Bangla_Tv_Logo.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/Banglavision.PNG" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Vision
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://bijoy.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/logo.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bijoy Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c7/Boishakhi_TV_logo.svg/400px-Boishakhi_TV_logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Boishakhi TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608364_ico.png?ts=161314" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bongo Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ssl.com.bd/sites/default/files/BTV%20Logo%20Gallery.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", BTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/btv.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", BTV World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://channel19.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Channel-19-Logo-White.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 19
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/channel24.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/ch9-150x150.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 9
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/88/Channel-i.svg/384px-Channel-i.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel I
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608031_ico.png?ts=1613147259" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel T1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608640_ico.png?ts=1613147356" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", CNN TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1270310_ico.png?ts=1613147977" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Cumilla24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/dbc-news.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", DBC News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.deepto.tv/sites/default/files/deepto_tv_logo%20Edit.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Deepto Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/81/Desh_tv.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Desh Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608961_ico.png?ts=161314" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Deshi Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/EG2QRMG.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Duronto Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://s4.gifyu.com/images/imagea02f4314e761661d.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ekattor Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e7/ETV.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ekushey Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/gaanbangla.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Gaan Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/GTVBangladeshLogo.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Gazi Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c1/Independent_Television_Logo.svg/220px-Independent_Television_Logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Independent TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/609412_ico.png?ts=1613149292" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Itv BD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/jamuna-150x150.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Jamuna TV
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGbGNCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XVlRPMWxYV0ZoMGIxb0hlaHBXUTRsbVl3WjJhTDlrUXlnM2JoMTBVM01HY1JaMlIwTW1VemRtYzR0bWVHUlhTd1EwY3dSamVraGtZaVZHYXJWelQwYzBOclZYVHhWbVU1RUVka3BYY1dkekx4dDJZcEZFVzFnR09UWlRkbk4yZE85a1dRTkdhdXRrUnhFMlRYMUdaUDFrUXhzVWM1ZEVWa0pEZXpaMlVYVkRhSGxtYlZoRVVRUjFjeFpuWTRjelN1ZEdialprWnJ0R010MTJNVmhIYW1wMVl4ZzJkc0ozWVV0aVR3SVhNUWRtYnZsamJyZ2xic1ZXVDFaMWJuWjBSMVVIZVFsSFdwSkhiSUJqVElOVFdzNW1lajlXV1pwblkweFVVVUprZURCbldsUkRVd1ptZVNGRE01Vm5laUZsV094MGQyb1ZSVzVFVG9CVlQwWTJVNTVXYVBKRWJ1dDJjemRVT1BoblZxRjNLMmdHZEtsSFZtaGtSaEpWY1o1RVc0QlRXcUpFTzRsRk5sZDNURUZqUkJWemRXOVNXcUZHZDBobk5yUUdUelFYV1dSbWN5Z1hlVzEyYkVsblUwTjNaTFJrYjJVWE5DaEdObEpHYnBGbFNYQjFab0oyVDRNbFpyUm5hNVFIZHhsM2JxcEhSNXMyZDUxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://s4.gifyu.com/images/image54942a3647a21709.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Maasranga
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/mohona.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Mohona Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/mytv.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", My Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/797677_ico.png?ts=1613149919" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Nagorik Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7HplreU.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Nandan Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/e/ef/NTV_%28Bangladesh%29_logo.svg/240px-NTV_%28Bangladesh%29_logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ntv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/rtvbd.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Rtv
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGbGNCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XVlRPMWhYV0ZoMGIxb1hlaHBXUTRsbVl2WjJhTDlrUXlVM2JoMTBVM01XZVJaMlIwTW1VNGRtYzR0bWVHaFhTd1EwY0hOMmJhaEZWR3BGVHFWRVVURkhUaGwzYjNOamR3NUdkQkZXWWFaVFR1dFNieFlXTjM1R2V1MWtXMEUxYzFvblJ3b1VPMDEyVkVKMWRJdDJkeWwyTTNKRmJ1SjFhRmxWU25kVk1sWkZXbjFHVDJWbU1CRjJkcmxWU21KVlYySnpUblZVVTVjSGMwVkRTNHdtY0MxVVF0ZEVaNXhHT2tKVmRHbEdVc3BGU045MmNRTlhRYWgzUTBOM1pOcFdTTWRuY09KM2JtdEdhS0JUY2tOM0sxbGtRQ2R6THhnV1NpMWtZcm9WY2tORGFRTlZiNFJEVUcxa1Z0aFhVdmh6Yk10U2JwTlZZNjlTVm9WR1JyWUZPcllYWWFwVk5qbGtkc05uYVdWVWFuQnpZNVZGT0NwWFl0cFVNWGQxYzZoV2REdGlRekJYTlNwMlJQcDJScU5sVms5a2VtUlRZWXAxUTZKR09zbFhPeWQyWnRCblczRm5la3QyVTNoWGN5VlZOMFFsUW9GWFIwbGxjMWhsYkpkVlpqbDNMMkZVUkVKbk4zNFdibE5WVXlZVGVQVkZka2x6WjQxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/satvs.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", SATV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/somoynews.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Somoy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722355_ico.png?ts=1613154340" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", ABP Ananda
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XVlRPMTFXV0ZoMGIxb25haHBXUTRsbVluWjJhTDlrUXlnM2JoMTBVM01XZVJaMlIwTW1VdWRtYzR0bWVHZFhTd1EwYzVGbGVtRkVTTE5FU3FWVFRNSkdOUEozWUlKRFdMZGxjelJtVEdwMFIyRlRUclVYYWF4V09QOVNOdDlVYmFoelN1eEdUbmgwVk1aM0twcEhkR2QxUUpsbWM0RW5SUTlVZTJWRU15RW1ic1pYV3prWFJIVkViWVJ6YzBkellzQm5UVjlrYmx4R09vcFdiREoxYzJaRWNrUmtjNkJsWnVGblJDZDNOMzFVUUNobmRKdFdSNW9HZTE1a1ZOUjFhM29uYzJVM014azFhR2QxYVFsVU0ycFVTMXNrZVlkMmNZbGplbVoyY2FSVmJFZFRhNFZUT1dwRlYyRkhUdkp6YW1WbGIzbFVSdHBtYzZKRVpZdENabnAyUjFKRmFvcFVlME0zS1RsMmQ1ZEVOdlluUnhkMlN5WVZZMWxVY3NsR2FEaEhPb0p6TndZRVNzWlhieElVV3JvM2RwOTJRelVqYTJObE0yNTJSRjFHTWtaVlZoRkVjbVJUWWs5V01zbG5lUVpXUzJJM1V6eEVhSk5FYkRWM1pGWjBSdDkwTVRsMFQzNEdUdlZ6WnlZRWRRaGplRGhUVTUxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1057133_ico.png?ts=1613154464" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Akash Aath
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1057133_ico.png?ts=1613154464" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Akash Aath
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722367_ico.png?ts=1613154545" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Calcutta News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://github.com/amarnettv/amarnettv.github.io/raw/master/logo/CBHD.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Colors Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722381_ico.png?ts=1613155033" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", DD Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722391_ico.png?ts=1613156123" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Ekhon Kolkata
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/2228136_ico.png?ts=1613674520" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Enterr 10
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAmFkQB.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Jalsha Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAmFkQB.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Jalsha Movies HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.goskribe.com/ImgSkribeExtra/ba038ccd-8d51-438e-ab55-fe049bc69848news-18.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", News 18
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722427_ico.png?ts=1613156438" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Ruposhi Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722433_ico.png?ts=1613156596" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sangeet Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Sony_Aath_logo.svg/1200px-Sony_Aath_logo.svg.png" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sony Aath
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Sony_Aath_logo.svg/1200px-Sony_Aath_logo.svg.png" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sony Aath
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha SD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha SD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/7364080_ico.png?ts=1613156952" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sun Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WvrfVsv.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla HD
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XVlRPMXhXV0ZoMGIxb0hkaHBXUTRsbVl5WjJhTDlrUXlBM2JoMTBVM01XYlJaMlIwTW1VM2RtYzR0bWVHUlhTd1EwY0ZOemRXZGpWNHNXZDNKamUxdDJSNnBXVjBVemR2SkZiNk5FT1ZabVlwTjFjb0ZEWm1kMmEyRkVjNk5rYWFKMVRQOWtZNXRHYU5WVU1sWjNRcmgwWlROVGRWWlRhdmNGTXN0VU9qOUVkd2dXUXhRMlFOWnpjTkZ6VjRzVWN5VlZVUmwxUTVGWFVhQnpUVUozYVF0MmE1Rm1SMlpuUXNCVlNxcG1VYUozYllSbmQwaFRRak5HUnRWVVR3WUZTM01ITlpoRVdtWlZkemRUTnZjR1UyWjJZRmRGTXNwMk1oUlRPUEpHY1BCRGV5d0VjblJVVHNka1N5STNkTVJUWm9aa2FqZDFhQlJXUncxVVNFUmpVSWRtY1ZKa1QwQTNaakZHUkJoRldzUmxTWnBXZVVGblYyZ0hkMHhXZEZWM01FZG5NcFZuY1RkblYxaEdWVFJ6Wk1sVGIzVjFickZYUTNkVVZJWjBjUTVtTW9SelFySWtjM2QxVGgxRWNuSkZWcEJuY3BOM05hSm5hamRWYVNORFR4VTJidUpsYXJRelp4Z1haVXAxS2hGelpXVkZWa3AyWnAxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824801_ico.png?ts=1613206658" group-title="Hindi Channel", & Picture
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://tvadvertising.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/135_image.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", & Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CFnArA8VEAAerym.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", 9XM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sgp1.digitaloceanspaces.com/quickcompany/trademark/38da866a0646683c.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", ABZY Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/359-3595110_b4u-movies-logo-b4u-movies-channel-logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", B4U Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/B/b4u-music-logo-12FA930444-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", B4U Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/bflix-movies-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Bflix Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S3lVg3i.jpg?1" group-title="Hindi Channel", Box Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://q7h8x4g8.stackpathcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/COLORS-CINEPLEX-2019.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Cineplex
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/Colors_tv2017.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/5ca3012fcbc70colors-infinity-main.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Infinity
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1107539232598298624/aDupPKVw.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Ristey
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dabangg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Dabaang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", DD National
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e8/Masala_TV.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Masala
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XVlRPMUpYV0ZoMGIxb25jaHBXUTRsbVlwWjJhTDlrUXlrM2JoMTBVM01HYVJaMlIwTW1VbmRtYzR0bWVHNVdTd1EwY3VCemJ6VjJRTWxETjRKRU5hRmpTRmQzUzZkVWUxWWxkU2RrTlRSM1QyWkZjM0ZGTWp0Mk52ODBOSHRHZG5CbmExTjJTNkpsTVhGMVRscDJRdUZIZU5kVWFWSkVlMXBGZTZGMGFJaFZWcjEyYlNaRE81Y0VjcDFVY1lGR1puWm5hWk4zTG5Kbk14MFViV1ZtY3pSblVySjBNdEIzU3pBbFlucFhRYTEyYjBSV2NZcDFhaGRUT3RSbVVucDFTRTFHYklWSFpXVldjWVZsU2kxMFp4cG1idmtYY25wWFVJVjJTbXBuYVd0bU1FaDFhMEpVYjRVWFJqZFhiMmdVVHg4aWJQaFhleWtEZHNWbk4zc21SaTVHT3JZM2Eyb0VkMmMyYjFFVk4xaGpSeWxYTlVGM05aOWlkenMyY1ZsM040RnpjeVpsWldGa2N4aDNRcTlrVEJaMmQ0b1VRdGRHYjNKRGNaQnpaRE4zYTBVa2VsWkRkamRsYnp0R2MwcEVNT1ZtYnR4V1cya2pUb3RVY3VKa000RVRZelZHTUV0Q05UeDJheE1qYlBOVWJzbGtRc1YyZDIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/projects/404/14494583.548597b56b924.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Sitaray
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/Hum_TV_2013.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/be/India_Today_TV_Channel_logo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", India Today
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fPuBXRz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Manoranjan Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/33/Mastiii_tv_channel.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mastii
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/MBC_BOLLYWOOD.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", MBC Bollywood
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/mtv-beats-hd-kccl-tv-hd-beats-png-308_161.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Beats
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f1/MTV_HITS_logo.svg/1200px-MTV_HITS_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0f/MTV_Logo_2010.svg/800px-MTV_Logo_2010.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://iconape.com/wp-content/files/lv/282263/svg/mtv-live-seeklogo.com.svg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Live
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824742_ico.png?ts=1613202550" group-title="Hindi Channel", PTV World
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGMWJCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XVlRPMWRXV0ZoMGIxb25laHBXUTRsbVlwWjJhTDlrUXlBM2JoMTBVM01HZFJaMlIwTW1VMGRtYzR0bWVHOVdTd1EwY0pWM2FXWkhNSEJGVDNablF4ZDNkbzVXUnJJbk5rQjNiMmdVTnN0eU1yVm5hUU4zTTZ0V04zRm5ONU1IYnBwR041aFZWNXBYZDVkM0sxZ1hXNlZEY1NKM2I2eFVXdlJUUTNKbWJ2b21ScEpYV3Zja2RabEVidjEwTjNJV00wQlRReTBXU1IxbWNpeFVUaWxIZVdOVWVJQkZjeWQzWlRwbVZLbDJjQ2hFUjNCelpMOXlkbmgzUjM5V1ExTVZWSlZYWnVWMVFqSlZhUU4xWlR0MlZ5RjFUWUoxWklSbllPbHpMeWRWYndBVlFUTjBjMkYwY3BkRk81a0diVEJETTNwMGQ0VjJUbEZ6ZDZaektodFdScTFXVklkamFoZDBkeE1qY09oWFpveDBOU2RWTjJrblRsWkVTNHMwZFJkWFZGNVVkNHBsYjJZa2V5aDJkR1JFUnVoemJtRjJNd3dtZTZsV040RmxTNngyTEVkME11SjJkMmdsTVJCRFM0VjFVVFZHVklwV2RsaEVkclVFYUZOSFJDQnpjc1pXUjBVbllhcFhUM2cwVktkR2NQQmpkMnQyWnUxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824741_ico.png?ts=1613202319" group-title="Hindi Channel", Shemaroo Bollywood Premier
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://techstory.in/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ShemarooMe.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Shemaroo Classic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Sony_MAX_logo.svg/496px-Sony_MAX_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Sony_Max_2_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max 2
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XVlRPMUpYV0ZoMGIxb25iaHBXUTRsbVlwWjJhTDlrUXlnM2JoMTBVM01HZFJaMlIwTW1Vc2RtYzR0bWVHcFhTd1EwY0NOa2N4cDFNQkYyYnlsVFNqZFRZM0EzVHBobFRWbEhlMXRXYzVBSFI0UmpWMWxXVUw1bVZ4ZDNNRU5XYndoSFpyazNTbk5qVGhka2NuOW1VTWRFZHJobmE2UlVjQ2hEYnI5MlM1MTBNRUJYYU1oVFJNeEVlNWxrWVZOa1M0bG5ZVjFXWkxCSGRFWlRTeThFZDFsbmF6WVRadlJYWVJ4ME5ya21UTE56UjVjRWNoaEVSWWRXYXQxbWFaQjNZMHNXYUNoMVNZcEdjclEwWm1Kblk1aHpUYTl5WUhoR2VXQlhVdlVsYTBJME54dFdjNXRHT3RSblV3bFdSRDVrVGF0bWNtSm1RbloxYm9OSFZYaDBjSkpuYzNjVk5MTjNhMllFVVZkWGUyRjBLR04zU3h0bVp0SldOalpWY3hFa2V0QjNOMEJYVm1SbGVuUlhld0prUXR0RWJEbGplTnhHZXBabmVYVm5VeUFIVUdsa2RZeDBkbGRtVnpZblIzNWtRVk5YUVRCSE9RNTJSSmRuZG1sWFNGNUVSNlYyY29wMlIzeEdPUHRHZDFJVWMyc1daa1YzZHgxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Sony_MAX_logo.svg/496px-Sony_MAX_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/497440939388858368/73qSmbwD_400x400.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Pal
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XVlRPMUJYV0ZoMGIxb1hiaHBXUTRsbVl4WjJhTDlrUXlFM2JoMTBVM01XY1JaMlIwTW1VeGRtYzR0bWVHbFdTd1EwYzFGRWI0TWxiQk4wWjJsalc0aFhZUkIzWjMwbVF3b0dlYTEyTE1wa1FvVnpkaDVFVm5WM2N0SlVWMEFsYmxkR1Izc0VTc1ptYTA1MlQxQm5icEZVVE9OSGFVQjFNQnBXYXFKVE92b1dSSmRtV1I5a1ExbzBiNFpHTkoxMlF6cG1WdFJqTVNGbk0wUWpWMmczYlk5aVoxQVhUdVprYjRJR2N1ZFdlSGxWWjFkemRXUnpOMlltU3VaVVlETjFWUzEyS3hzVU1TRlVlNlZUVTVRRlVxRkRSU2hsY21aWFR1UjJMQ1ZEZW1WVU1FbG5VdFZuU0tkMWFIOW1VbnR5WjRCVmV4MVVTTlJ6YzNsbmFtSnpVbkJIWjBabVlSNUdheEFYUUNsa2QyMW1UTkJYVUpobmJ3RVZlTVpHYzJSbWNuMUVhdmhEZWw1VU9TQm5ieFpqTUdkMFpOaDNidklYVzRoMmFKWldlTzVXYTBjblowZ21leUVHVUtGWFUzRjBUNlozTkhsV2J5ODBLUUZrZXZsRE9RbGphNk5YV2tWR1NGbG5RdEpsWlNWemNsdFdONXAzWjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/sony-sab-logo-sab-tv-11563255194ov0us7me4e.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Sab
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv SD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d3e2xvtryj10p1.cloudfront.net/general_content/21_0_16_1_1521807420.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Yay
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/40/Star_Bharat_Official_Logo.jpg/220px-Star_Bharat_Official_Logo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Bharat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.satiitv.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/star-gold-2.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/S/star-gold-logo-D1A2937F35-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tatasky.com/s3-api/v1/assets/channels/star-gold-select.gif" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold Select
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/3-32979_star-plus-star-plus-logo-new-hd-png.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Plus
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/3-32979_star-plus-star-plus-logo-new-hd-png.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Plus
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824764_ico.png?ts=1613203903" group-title="Hindi Channel", UTV Action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/441-4412906_utv-movies-tv-listings-utv-movies-tv-program.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", UTV Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", WoW CINEMA
http://?cHBtVTRwM1V3bDJjMWNWVDRVa2N1TmxlM2hEY3JoWFRUTlZPM3AzY29CVlNrMW1ldkYwVUZaVFp2ZDJRNDhVVFlOSGR4QjFOMUpGZDFSamIwbzFRNUprVWhKVVJCdEdNT3BIUlNKbWNyQlZUdlFIWjA1R09OdG1VNWczS0RKMFV4OG1iNElXT0pwa00xeDBOTFJXY1I5R1IzVkdiMDQwYWlkVVJ5bzNadE5VT3hrVmVQVm5ibVpGYUlwbWRHQjNNRVJUU25wSE1FbG1TTXhXTUtGemJhUkZhM2swVVBoM1Q2VlZaVXhHZVI1MmN6eEVVNkZuYkVOa01UVm5aeFpITzMwRWIzNW1abFZrUzNabWJ2a25NWGRtTXFWVGR2ZEdleGNIU0UxMlQ0a25kaFpFVnNwR1d6OW1OV2RHYjZoV1ZCOVVjVVYwYXBWVWRGTkVTeFZGU25sV1l5QVhiMloxWWxwRWNWQjNMMTBrZHFaa1pQbGtjWHAzTXlzU2NaeG1lM3QwUlp0Q2J6Vm5RUFprU041MmRQNW1XVGRVYTJRa2J6OVdZNXhFUnRSbVFLbDJOemgxS3kxMmFSaG5OMXAwYnNOelNJMVVOWnhtVWhKak5LaEViYWQyU1lSamJ5VkRVS2RHT1dSSFdJTlhUelJYZDNWMlR6NWtZM1pqVjNwMFZwMVdTRkJUVHM1V2N1UjNaQ05XUTUxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://zeelwebsite.s3.amazonaws.com/zeetele/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_action.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/919843853120577536/-zc_BK2V_400x400.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Anmol
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824780_ico.png?ts=1613206048" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Bioskop
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824762_ico.png?ts=1613204084" group-title="Hindi Channel", ZEE BOLLYWOOD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/930367214049484801/_UbwXy25_400x400.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cafe
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Zee_Cinema_New_Logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Zee_Cinema_New_Logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cinema HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.smartads.in/resources/assets/uploads/product_group/Television/Zee_Classic_India.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Classic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://godish.com/wp-content/uploads/channel-logos/zeesm.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Smile
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/Zee_TV-2018.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/Zee_TV-2018.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Tv HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="shorturl.at/rIJU9" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zing
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CFnArA8VEAAerym.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zoom
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 4
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cycG1lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XVlRPMWxYV0ZoMGIxbzNjaHBXUTRsbVl5WjJhTDlrUXlZM2JoMTBVM01HZVJaMlIwTW1VM2RtYzR0bWVHcFdTd1EwY3JzVWVWdHlUengwY3lGR2N3SVdhUlJuY1NCbldFQm5lMlltZHhRVWIyVlRlbHBWUndJM1Eyb1ZSdVpVYmhWak5QUldXekZXVFFSV05yZDNhcEZsVHJWVGNteFdjTXBYV3lkemMycGtjQkZIVnJVVlZKcG1kamhrY2hOR1R3Sm5lRGwwYmo1R1R1dENNakoxY1VkSGIyTWpacFZIU1Y1R1JLTm5iMHhrVHVwa2IwVmtOcWhFY3haMlQyWVRPMGRtZXZZRk9CQkRjUGwwVG5GRGNvSjNSa1pXVzQ1R1R1RlROaE5WZUtSRWVvZFdNNFozZGtsRlNMQm5kR1JXVjBKVGV6TW5iMHMyUzY5bVRYQkhOMmMyWUtoemMzRVhldFJsTkdKSFc1WldaSEZtU3k1V05qTlViS0pGY1Rsa1dpaFhVd1JVY2xGWGFVaFdUSVYxWUlaV2FyUkVjVDUyTDVsMlVqRm5hTjFtVjVKV2JvOVVlakptUktoMEt2NW1aSk4zYXc0Mk5aWlVZdDlTZTVOemJWUjJkd3BtZGxSRGRxUjNRSVpqYXRoVmN6RjNZRkpUVTQxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e5/Logo_bein_sports_1.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a9/c4/51/a9c45169901929a07f6bc7bd2f81aa40.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 11
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/Logo_bein_sports_2.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c4/Logo_bein_sports_3.png/1200px-Logo_bein_sports_3.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRzr0RFwcAvkAaOfALVDZ87J4McAkvfj-BR2w&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports Xtra
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/7a/df/4f/7adf4f93765290728de8f3470d780170.png" group-title="Sports Channel", DD Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/ae-dubai-racing-2-3859.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Dubai Racing
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.desifree.tv/wp-content/uploads/DUBAI-SPORTS.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Dubai Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/225-2256876_edge-sport-logo-png-png-download-edge-sport.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Edge Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/E/Eurosport-logo-E3F6A32147-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Euro Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/30/Eurosport_2_Logo.svg/1200px-Eurosport_2_Logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Euro Sports 2
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XVlRPMWRXV0ZoMGIxbzNkaHBXUTRsbVkyWjJhTDlrUXlrM2JoMTBVM01HYVJaMlIwTW1VeWRtYzR0bWVHTlhTd1EwYzNGMWFqZFhlUjl5U3hKWFlDdFVid0VYVDFZRVdFNW1kd1kyUlJsRU0wVlVZRVZqTUx4R1ZuWlhadVpEZFhkWFRVTkVacjlDWkhkVWRtZG5hRkpuZHh3R2NHcDBLeUowVjB0eVVWbERNTmhHVm5CRGFFZGxld2MxVHRwa1l3TkVXSjUwU1ZaWFFMTkRVcU4wYnpJMU1EWlRXc2QyUVRwMlpzRjNhVFZ6Y2lKR2NwcFVZTmR6VnhCRE1IWjBRVEZuWUdoR2RxZFRkdGgyYUhKVWNwUkdVbWRYYXY1V09SaFRPMjBXYXZjRWJLMVVSdngwZFQxV1ZOdEdWTVJsVlFaR2NDSldheFpGYzJaRVpuVkhkNXBXTTBGVlV4a2xjMWd6TjJkWFluOW1ZaWRsVzAwV08wVm1lSTltYnJsMmRoWnpRNkoxYmh4MlpCWkhSTUZETzNWSGJQTjFiNDFVV3FkRWRHcG1idlluZVJwbVFVZFhlamQyYkJsek53ZGpRb2xqV1g1R09JQlZkbkZ6Y0RKM1NFNVdlM0JUTjRGa2EzazJRRWRETU0xMmRyTTNLdFoyWm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.fightsports.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/FightSportsLogo2x.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Fight Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/stations/a735.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Match Football
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://anonymania.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/matchtv.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Match Sports
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyZG1lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XVlRPMUZYV0ZoMGIxb1hiaHBXUTRsbVlwWjJhTDlrUXlVM2JoMTBVM00yZFJaMlIwTW1VNGRtYzR0bWVHNVdTd1EwY3dFemRzQlZPSWhrUW9GSFR1UmxUUnBuV3RSalIxVTNjekFGU0p0U041TjJZUk56WlhkV1ZsVkhNblYzWlBoRFd5VjFhcXRpYlBkVU00UW5lUnBIVUhaemJ4VkZSYVJWZXpORE56WldkclluVlhsVWNMaFdkMm9rV3c1bU4zTlVTUDltY2twWFc2MW1NTkpEY0pabVU1TlVjb3RVTzFRMmNJWm5XMFUxTXVsMGNDaEdSMUYxU285MFIxTWtSNmQyUnhNak5wRldiSHRtU2hKbFJ2TkdTMk1YZDRKWGNPcGtSNWhFZGtGSFRMeDBOcUJsVXdWMmI1WlhVRFJGTjVRemRWOVNaTTFHTjZsa1daMWtVTEozU09wV1draFRkeGQwY3M5RWEydFdZb3RtVnJoSGEwbFZZRnBuZW1SemFIVkZObmhIVjB3a2NHeEdjM1ZrU05kemNRZFdlMWhXZHhOMUtuTkRiV2QyTFdOMGJMTm1hcDVXU3psVWM0dHlWNW9YZU1OSE9YUkZPdHBWYzFsVk53TTJkdk5YT0VCblZ6a0haaFJtWlpaSGIzbDNWcU4zWjIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn-1.motorsport.com/static/custom/general-motorsport-com-team-2015-motorsport-com-logo.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Motor Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a4/Olympic_Channel_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Olympic Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/PTV_Sports.png" group-title="Sports Channel", PTV Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/3c/1c/2c/3c1c2cd6a5e4de5511a86a87d82e5f85.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Real Madrid
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGMVpCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XVlRPMVpYV0ZoMGIxb25kaHBXUTRsbVl5WjJhTDlrUXk4MmJoMTBVM01tZFJaMlIwTW1VbmRtYzR0bWVHZFhTd1EwY3RWVWFsTlhiVTlHVXpsbllPTlZkcEJuYXRKbFMzWm1hbGgxVnlGVlQwTjJjMWdqY3Zobk1vRkdidFpGZVlKSFZpaFdUelpWYUMxRVQ1MG1RbzkyYVAxbWVWUkdTeVJXVHpwSGFoUjNiTUpYWmtkSFNDdHlhSWxqWVc5eVpveDJiSEJYWlBOSGVKdDJhQ05IY2l4R2FUeGtSMGgzTXJRelJHcDJad04wVXhKa2JMRlhiSE5sTnJKMmNGaEVlYUozVHh3R2JuaEdhME1VYlRoRmR4RjNjNFpGZFg1Mk00TjJUMTVXYkdKVVF2eEVPb3htUmhSVFZ4WW5TSjltTlk5U2M1SjBTelF6Y3haR2VtVmplQnBYWWh4bVVXZG1iWFp6VlpOamUwZFRjd0lsYUMxbWFFOUVVdHR5YXp0Q1o2TkRlb3RrVDAxMFQyd21OTGxIYkZGbmNERjFTNUFYUzNsRFN5TVVWTVJIYnlNMVl6QURhMkVtZUNwWFJ1ZG5hQlZuVzRJbmR3UTNieXRHYWFOVVRCbEhkblIzTEtsa1dSaEdiWmRWTTVaV2NQdGtRNmxYVTAxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.clipartmax.com/png/middle/46-462953_red-bull-tv-logo-red-bull-tv-logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Red Bull Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.parsatv.com/index_files/channels/sharjah.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sharjah Sport
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://archive.org/services/img/SkySportsCricket_201708" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Cricket
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports EPL
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports F1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Football
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Golf
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/Sony_SIX_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Six
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/Sony_SIX_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Six
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://skytv.com.np/admin/uploads/channel_image/98.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://skytv.com.np/admin/uploads/channel_image/98.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.searchpng.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Star-Sports-Logo-PNG-Image-200x200.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.seekpng.com/png/detail/372-3722669_star-sports-1-live-streaming-high-quality-star.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.seekpng.com/png/detail/372-3722669_star-sports-1-live-streaming-high-quality-star.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngjoy.com/pngm/952/11033345_india-cricket-logo-star-sports-2-logo-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngjoy.com/pngm/952/11033345_india-cricket-logo-star-sports-2-logo-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/star-sports-select-hd-1-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/star-sports-select-hd-1-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/star%20sports%20select%202%20hd.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 2
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XVlRPMWxXV0ZoMGIxb0hiaHBXUTRsbVl2WjJhTDlrUXlnMmJoMTBVM01HZFJaMlIwTW1VMmRtYzR0bWVHMVdTd1EwYzNVbWNaNW1hREpFWnNkRlpMWlhiM2NYVkVWVlVWZHpiMGdIVUlWVFV6Sm1hMmRFV01OWE5yOWlaR3hVZUo1RWUwVjNNNHBYTzF0eVFDTjNMVEZUWklOelppdENUeW8yTDRGbmVhRlhSVkZYYjFZamI0MGtjUmQzY0I1MlJuQjNhd0VIUlExR2RSdENhUlpVYlhaelp1QkROcnRHUkVCblVhdG1hMkVVU3RGR2MyVWtlNE5HYzJKV1V5TjJWeDFtYldWelZIUlRkcGQzWVFsa2JyRkhPWlZVYU8xMlJ2WkRPTEZGY3ZaRFNvdFNTd3RXVEpsMGRxZFhkT04wTDNkRGVVWkVPMGhFVDZkVmR4SlZkMU4zUnFWMWMzZ1RkTXhXWVQ1MlpvRlhXRnhFTlhKSFI2TlhXdWxsZHdRRk12cDNjdTEyWVVKbFJEQjNLaVJsZHJKbWNXZGpSc2xWTTRSM015a0hTTVZIZFNWVE55cDFhM1lFZXYxMlJ6eEdSdUJYZHk0Mll1Sm1aSUJ6WmhoVWRpRmpRMXRXTjM5R2EwbEdWS1JVTUYxR2NKTlVkMXN5WjAxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/star%20sports%20select%202%20hd.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 2
http://?PWduTTNrVE1YWjFieUpFT3JRa1ZxZGtUNVJYWXROWFkwd1dTdnRTYlVoME54TjFkM05VZXdzMk56WVhVck0zVW1oVWNDaFVVS2QwUjU5bU5FVlZUSlJIT0xGWGRTTjFaa2gzUVZsRFZ5bG5kMTlFZXhwWE1aZERWV3gyYmg5VWN0ZEZjNEJGUkxwWFVIaDNjU0IzTkVOR2VvbEdPazlXV3VkamNocFhOcklYT1NOMkt4WUdiemswY21OR01yWmtWbFIyVTRkR094WUVXV2QxYktGME00eFdjNDFVVXZWSE92cEhNNHRXZXE5R2F1TlRjVkZGZDVKMWIyb0dleDFXYU5GVk16TVhlTUZGZWpWM1M1UkVXcmRGYlhsV2V4bGpjVFJXY1hoM1VMQkhTMTkyU3FwbGV2cFhleFVIYnA1R2FGUmxidUJUYnlWelVqbDJNNHRXZXhvSFVwQnpiNkZUVjFKMFYzMTJheUlFWjA0bVF5UlVRRWhrYk9wV2F3WjFhMDEwTTQ4aWR5VUhkWFZHTnRSamFhVkdjT0JUUTRwblQyQW5UVFJuZURwVU4za3pab1pGTkVaRU55ZGxhSVIzVkc5V1dya1ZUemtFYU5OMVQzVVZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/11/T_Sports_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", T Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/57/6c/36/576c36c2b45e2bc52b2360fcd2fd2eb4.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Ten Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8c/Tennis_Channel_logo.svg/1200px-Tennis_Channel_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Tennis Channel
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XVlRPMWRXV0ZoMGIxb0hiaHBXUTRsbVlxWjJhTDlrUXk4MmJoMTBVM01XY1JaMlIwTW1Vd2RtYzR0bWVHRlhTd1EwY0ZwRWIwOW1UMVEwZHhCSFRQcFhPWDVtWlR4VU42bDBabTUyVm45V1Y1MWtjQnRVYnZjbVk1a25lWkIxYklaVU5PTlZZdUpWUklkbk1zZDJMNk5ETTZaa2JOZGtkbnRVV3lWMVJvWmpXbkJIT0xoWFF0QkRkejkwTGhORVp5MWtSNFZET2wxV01PTldXM1lFYlFaVlJqcFZVNVJUTjRrMU5tVkhiYTVFY29WSGIxaEZlbVIwYnJaelNrTkdjMVluZTVaMmJJQmplMGgyY0RkbE01VjJaTnhFTUc5V081OVVhUGhHYXJSMVZKdFNOMUJWWURWelRuSlhSNVVqZTJRRGR0RjFOWE5XZTB0a2VtZERWRk5uYTNNamFqaDBkelZXUW1WWE96OVNhVjl5S1Q1bU5KOUVSSUpXYUNKbmFNaDJWNnBHTTVoa1RNMUdPR1ZYZHJGM2NGQlhRQ1prU25abFd1OWlicnBtU0taMFJGZGpkUGhVYzJRM2R6ZEhkc0YxUkcxR1VGQm5jczEyWlhWWE1KaFdkMFJGWnh0MmJPSkhOYWhGTXJjM1pRSkZXeUoyWjIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0d/True_Sport_Logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", True Sports 1 Premire
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XVlRPMVJYV0ZoMGIxb25iaHBXUTRsbVl2WjJhTDlrUXk4MmJoMTBVM01HYlJaMlIwTW1VMGRtYzR0bWVHZFdTd1EwY1pSRGRHaFRPaWxEYXRWbGIwMFVlSmxHTlZsVGM1SmpjSFZrWTVWMlQ2UjBTMXdrYnA1bVFaNUVOT3RTY09abFF4TTNScTlpZXVsM1ZxOVdVdjRHVDNFa2VwRm5idEpHTXNoMFZNbERVVWwyTlNabU5SbGpjMEpFV0ZWelVzZGtlTmhuUk5KM2NXVmxWbzVFYUVCVFFYcEZiMXgyS0ZCWFkyb21NeG9tTk9CRmRxbDFaYU5HYndOelZCWjNZRFIzWnpVRFd1cEdjaTlTVlhGblYwbFRRbVpIUnhrMlEwbEdVajFHY1FwWGJDVkZabzUwZEdKMmJTaEhlcEpYWXpWSGV0VjBSMGxtYzNSRmF4czJjc3BtWlF0RVJyNVVjMFVXVlFkbU55cG1WUjFtTXJJM1FqZFhaS1owZFE5R1Q1eEdXNTlFWlIxbU01aFhhMU1tYmExa2UzZFZOTXBVVHJaalRDNVVlVXBYY0g1RU94NTJaMGQxUkZkVWV4OWlRcWRYYXFobk5wOUdkUjFrYk1GSGR3UlhXdUpHZVdsV01YbFhVbU4xVE5OMFpNaFRXeUozZDIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://iconape.com/wp-content/files/hg/282974/png/282974.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Viasat Sport
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://aimages.willow.tv/wlo_logo_200_200.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Willow Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/wwe-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="Sports Channel", WWE
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e9/Asian_Food_Network.svg/220px-Asian_Food_Network.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", AFN
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71NOXoPAO3L._AC_UL600_SR600,600_.png" group-title="Informative Channel", AKC TV
http://?NmxuUngxVWVOVlhNcUZXYTJnVGM1dFVTWTlFVzBsblFFTmpXbUZuUVI1V1dDdGlkTk5UTzFSV1VzSkdibUprUzFCSFJVZGtONGtqY3pWbWIzNVVlNXAwZEZsMGJhMUdNb1ZWUlBCamVyQnpMdDlXT3h0MGMwTlZWbzVHVjJKbVJ6QkZhanBVZVhoMU02ZG1SbzVtU3RCSFRyZ1Zhd2QwYnlaemNvOW1XMlpXVzFWMVZsWkhWV0IzWnhka2VaTkRiR05XTjNWR2JUSkdhbmQyYUtGRlYya21hamRuWVZSSFQyOUVNMWhqWnJOSGQyQlhNYUpqYmtWVlptTldacFpFYlBKVmNNeDJadUIzUjJZWGVDUmxReHRrUzZWRVY0SXpWeWttTW1CbFIwRUVhSEZqZDBkWFR0ZDNSRVpqV0JaM2JYWnpaUjVtZXd3a1N6Wm5ONWQxYjZKWFlzZDJaNHNDWk9kVGJEaFdWaEJUVG5Kak5wRnphRHRHTkdaelp6a0VkQ1pYVjM5MGRyQmpUSzFXZFhGSGREWm5XV2xYZTNKRFR2azJNdGhEVTB3R2R2Sm5XWkptUlBabWVpVkRXcmx6Vm9CelUyZ0VTaHQyTDRoMlVxOWljM3NDYnlBSFV0bFRUMWNrTnZ0bWRLcG1aMVEyYUpOVmJEOVdhcTlXUnlBVlU1TTNSTVIyTVRORWRvUlViV2h6WnMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/Animal_Planet_channel_logo_green.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Animal Planet
http://?b0p6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGbGFCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XVlRPMTFXV0ZoMGIxbzNjaHBXUTRsbVlzWjJhTDlrUXk0MmJoMTBVM01HYVJaMlIwTW1VMGRtYzR0bWVHNVdTd1EwY3lwMmFIZEZhcmMzVXRoM2NPdGlWMGxIZGpkRGIyTjJaVGxWTnNaM050UkZaamRUVWFsbVJrMVVieWdtYzRnblRsMVdPcHBrUkkxMkwxSW5kNWcyZDMxa2JrSlhRVkZUT281VVNNaGtTMDhHVjZ0VU02aGplUGwxUk5sRlcyaFVlSmwyTE9aSGR0Vm1XVU5rY0hGVGMxaFVNMkYzYVI5V1lpbEhUNWxtZXBGa2JrSlZlM0JUUzFWblpDWm1OaGRITWhGblppcGtjamgyY1hsVVM0WjBMWUZHWnVaM1kxZDNiNGtuYUZsM2NCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/44/BBC_Earth_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", BBC Earth
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.fptplay.net/static/img/share/channels/icon_channel_bbc-lifestyle_148379742953.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", BBC Lifestyle
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/CGTN_Documentary_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", CGTN Documentary
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/Crime_and_Investigation_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Crime Investigation
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.davincikids.tv/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Da-Vinci-Primary-Logo-RGB.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Da Vinci
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XVlRPMXBXV0ZoMGIxb25jaHBXUTRsbVl4WjJhTDlrUXlvMmJoMTBVM01XZFJaMlIwTW1Vc2RtYzR0bWVHcFdTd1EwY0xkSGVySUZjMkUyYjBWRWVLTlRPeGRuTjVGMFZIaEdjeVJFWjZKMVE1aEdWclJ6UTNJblNvQlRjR1ZIZFlkME52TkhSc05HWm9GalRRcDNVNmhqVUdWVGRpZEZhTFpqYnBGbVNSdDBhMWhtVXhJMUt6WlRlczlVY29kRWRyWldZMk5VUXdSM01ucG1XNXBVZVRaVFR5WkZVNWRsUTRFa2U2RjNWbzUwSzFSR2I0azBZYXBVWnJOa1puMUdhd3hHVFlkMGQyY0dkb3AxU3lSVVc2ZDBLUkpsVHpWSFV2VW1UU1JFY3dNa1J3QkRWeGxITnNwR2U0Wm5UU3RrY2lwMWNJUmxlYVZ6U3FaRWQyMEdSU2xHY1ZSbFRyQTFhUloyVnc4U1IwMUVkUFpGVjYxbVlLNWtXRnRXY1VwWGNHaEhleVJXU1VkMVp0cFdVME1UUjYxa2VScFhjczUyTG4xME4zOTJMQzVHZHF4V1ZpOUNkVmxHVE1obWRuaDNUVmREVGpOSFMxa0ROck1HZUh0U1YyWm1NNnRXVXdRVWRaVjNaeWRtTTAxa2Nyc1VUUVpWVXUxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ef/Discovery_Asia_logo.svg/1200px-Discovery_Asia_logo.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Asia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/Discovery_science_new_logo_2017.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Science
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Discovery_Showcase_Logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Showcase
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/11/Discovery_Turbo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Turbo
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/DocuBox_HD_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Docu Box
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://thesavvyscreener.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/docurama.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Docurama
http://?PT1BYzRSV1cyQW5jMEIxVDNCWE15Z21TR1ZqYVJGRmJqdGlidklrUXRaa2JycFVjUjVXVjV0RWVLWkRjSlZqWlR0Mlp2NUVPaFYzYTFjbmRpOVNNVHBHZWxKbVkxRjBjNkpWWTVFVmMxbDJVNGQyWm9SamMwTTFaelFrTnVKR05KTm5VWGQyUTRGME5vTm5lQ2xtTTExV013WmxOYTkyZGxWWGUwbGpXSlpUYUtwWFZZRkdTeWQzVnFwMlNJWm5RbWhWUXp0a2JJWjFRWTlHTTROV2NDVm5XdWhuUlF0ME14Y1dibVpuWVpSWGRuVlRObTUyWUlsbk5CRldPRWgxY3lza054VTFOc0YwZHNSM2N4NFdONlJFZUpaVGJzTldlREJWVHR0U1Z4ZEhlazFHVkJOVU5KZEhkRWhqTVVWa1V3QkhXeVFsTkVSSE14VVdVYVZEYkxGVWFocGxicXBYT3I1bVZ4MEdXclozYWk5bWUwTW1Za2hqZXlGM2FyZ1dkRFpIYnVkSFUyRlRkaWhrYkJKVFJ6bFVUcXRHTU5KM040QlhNVnAyYnR0bU0zQVRVMjlVZGtoa1J2dEdSNE1qTU0xR2FqVlhRbUpHYXhaSFUxUVZUQnRHZTVoVWFzcDFidlV6VVpCVFJxTkhSdWRHTkZCWGVyZ21VelVYZHVSV1ZROUdPM2hGTTFOR2IzWlhSdFJEVTVWVGU1Um1kUnRFYXB0aWFRRnpLeHBuTlVwMUx3VTJaMlFGVHdsVldxWlRPUVJsTkpabmUyeDJMNUFuZEtGM05qaFZN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/yvNu4Rm.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Fashion TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/H2_channel_logo.PNG" group-title="Informative Channel", H2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.logosvgpng.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/hdl-automation-logo-vector.png" group-title="Informative Channel", HDL HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://searchvectorlogo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/history-tv18-logo-vector.png" group-title="Informative Channel", History 18
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/398-3989913_id-investigation-discovery-logo-hd-png-download.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Investigation Discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mms.businesswire.com/media/20160221005243/en/510305/5/LoveNature_TypeMask_FINAL_highres.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Love Nature
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mst3k.com/userFiles/uploads/logos/mstlogo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Mystery Science
http://?PVluYUdwMExVQmxka2RIZEgxRVV1ZFhjNkpVYllkWE1aNUdUdlpuYUlsMlZ6NVVlNVprZDFGbFFreG1WeWhrV0hsVmN5Y1ZXeGhEZHZoVllpWldjUDFXVHRSMFR6UUZkV1JsVHpnV1J4VkdkelVVUmp0R1RHTjJUc1IwYVJkM1F2NDBVNGhVVWxOMlY1bDNOcDlpZFY5bWRMUkdWYXBrUndGblp6eGtabE5YTUI5U2FVRlhhT2xIZDU4U2VuQnpVMllWY3g4MlR6c21UWXAxYXhjMVF0WlhaMGxrYUxGRU92VVhRRkZVVDFZRmFYVm5kMXRTVDVaRmRUOVNOemQzUjMxR1RNTlhlMG8wVW5sWFl4cEVTdHBVV0RsbWRTbEVUeDRXZFNaRFIzQVRidXAzVEVsalEyWW5WTGxYV09kRWJ2d1dORFZuVnk1VVN1WmxSdjQyS0VCbE1WVlViRlIwWWhCSFpwTkRhVlowWVlwblE2WlVhUVpUYndKalFwUlZOMlJrY3lBSGEwVjNVclFqZHdNMWJyVW5WMkpXVDMxMmFXaFRNeGhXWTNnRE1uNW1jYTEyZElaVFp5UkdPMGxIT3VObmQwSWpZTVZuYVlSVWNObERaNEZXVXlsMmNFbG1TcGRFYndCM2NMeDBRU2xHV3RkVGQ=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e5/NASA_logo.svg/1224px-NASA_logo.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nasa Public Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/nasaLogo-570x450.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nasa Tv
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XVlRPMTFXV0ZoMGIxb1hiaHBXUTRsbVkyWjJhTDlrUXlVM2JoMTBVM01XYlJaMlIwTW1VNGRtYzR0bWVHSlhTd1EwY0paRWRESkZkd3NFTXF0U056UkRPcm9YWkU5MlI2OTJkd3gwY25KVWJ6bGpVdFJUZHoxR2FpUjFTaE5qZWxkWGJ3ZGpickZUWTNzVVl3YzNUbEZHU05wbGVscEVTdVozYXU5aVlyZGtTcjltWXZoMWJSUldhelVVVUI5a2RyNTBNbUZrTkZ0R1U1SVdUb2xtYzRrSFVLSkVaMUZEYlI5bWNOMTJWTFZVWUVkR2N2bGpOVzUyVXZsV1c0Wm5XNmRXVVpobGJ5ZzNhbEZtUWhGRmF0SmtVMjh5UzFnV2R6Z0dSNE4wYXlrMmFseDJUNmhWV3VoblZTcEhVbXhrV3lGamFrWkdST0pUUzBaemNKVmpSQkZYU3VGVlExaDFhbUprVTZOV2UxNUdWaVJXU0k1MktLVmpTVWRFY2laVFN1RjBhMTlVV3JGak4ybDJLb0JqYjYxVWJ1OW1Zd3BtVnpsV1E1ZG5XbWhtWnJaR01GWjBiMllWYU5wbU55SkZWbXgwWldSM2RsWldjd0lGYzRkblMwaGpNcUJWVVh0bWVuMW1TbFJXWWsxMGE1RVVjcWQxZG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/Nat_Geo_Wild_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nat Geo Wild
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/National_Geographic_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", National Geographic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/National_Geographic_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", National Geographic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ocean-tv.media/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Logo-OceanTV-FULL-1.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Ocean Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/540-5404873_outdoor-channel-logo-hd-png-download.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Outdoor Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pbsamerica.co.uk/wp-content/themes/pbs/img/logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", PBS America
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tillerdesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/popular-science-magazine_610_407_80.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Popular Science
http://?PWMyYzVJRGE2MW1helpUWk9wRld3OUdVMGxuZDZkWFpOdEViVmgzZHJrVFdudEVicUpqTTM4a2VJVm5VMUlXY3pRemIxUUZVbmhqZXBaV2RoWjBUeWdITVZGMVo0ZEZhcjhrVXdra2M2NUdiaTlTVldkMlJyTjBkdEYzY3drSFU0bDFRckpWZXNWV2RvZFhSeWdHWnVaRWRMbDBRek4yY25OM2N4WWtieWRHUkxWVk81SldkQmxuVjNSbmJvdGtXeUZIZTB4V2VtaDJjellVZXBWRU8zdDJVNlJGYUgxMmIxb0dWeFVWWkhWVGJTMW1Rc0JWT25wbk5YVldPVmxuTUdGV1F4RVdlSXBVU3RGMUs1UkhiM2wxTHlsbmJtNVVRQ2hWYXlwa052ZG5Rb05YVllOMFpyTVhTc1pEWlcxa2JhbFROaVJIT3dsSFJKNUVNb2xYY2tWa2FMNUdkMm9uV2hSMmMzSmxlS3RXYlhkSGE1UVVRcGwwYllCWE5ybzNMNlpEWkRORFJDMTJMalZtY0NOVGQwRXpieklHY3NOVE1XUjJOaFZIY0xaWFRTOVViWGxET2Fsbk42RlhZT0pXVDBzR09haEhlekVUZEpaVlR3ZG1hNEYzTmpGV01CcG1Vd2R6Tm5aM1pMaERhbWx6TjRKRVQ=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/ae/RTD-TV-logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", RT Documentary
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/Showcase_Logo_2015.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Showcase Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/thumbs/2x/the-weather-channel-1-logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", The Weather Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/TInMfsC.png" group-title="Informative Channel", TLC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iXwGMoe.png" group-title="Informative Channel", TLC [HINDI]
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/Viasat_Explore.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat Explore
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/Viasat_History_Logo.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat History
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/Viasat_Nature_Logo.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat Nature
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-c6eX-156UadfwgTc8S6aUj8bnnniJ1PvtM9qnepbq-CJsiOtRWDBVHs_dH-aLT0lKrU=h300" group-title="Informative Channel", YTN Science
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/Arirang_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Arirang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRLCa5172AYKrPfgPwgAX5CsBccTeZ6R73Ij_D9-Se2TtV8TEX7&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", BBC Lifestyle
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://wpcdn.us-east-1.vip.tn-cloud.net/www.abccolumbia.com/content/uploads/2019/09/Dabl-Logo01-PinkGreen.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", DABL
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a3/Dmax.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", DMAX
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRO_F8T3_Ow1_Od8Eqtz692_3VxF6YgnIWnsw&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Food 52
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/54/Fox_life_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Fox Life
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcS0PSVQU0pCIFdxvH4iCbldCJkZdk3Z9TG1fQ&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", FTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/FYI%2C_logo.svg/1200px-FYI%2C_logo.svg.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", FYI
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.parsatv.com/index_files/channels/hdfashion.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", HD Fashion & LifeStyle
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/HGTV_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", HGTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Home & Living
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/Living-foodz-logo.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Living Foodz
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/monarch-airlines-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Monarch TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/NatGeo_People_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", NatGeo People
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.xumo.com/v1/providers/provider/140/300x300.png?type=color_onBlack" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", People TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/af/TLC-Logo_2016.png/800px-TLC-Logo_2016.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", TLC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngkey.com/png/detail/677-6773173_tmz-logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", TMZ
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e2/Travel_Channel_HD_Logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Travel TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.shutterstock.com/image-vector/wf-logo-260nw-589562555.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", WF
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i2.wp.com/actionsportsmusictv.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/XcorpsOPENgfx2.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Xcorps
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XVlRPMXBYV0ZoMGIxbzNkaHBXUTRsbVlvWjJhTDlrUXlnM2JoMTBVM01HZFJaMlIwTW1VdGRtYzR0bWVHaFdTd1EwY005RWFOTjBWMkYxUnZobU1KNTBMbGgyVk5oSGVySnpib2RrTnc4Q2E1eGtWelpuTVM5bVMzZ1VPM0ZEY0sxV1F2b2tVcVZXVVdSSFpKaEhkVHBVWkxKMFpJSmxialpXV3k5RVdPUjBRbVpuVkhCelJHRnpaMndFWjNjMlV5UkRSV1ptZDBsWGE1ZEZia2QzWnJKbmVLSkRWMGhsVnVGM01SeEdNVjVVTWhKVmV2WjBhUzVVVXpOVlR6czJNSjFtTmxKald5b1djS1JrYjNwa1k1OVViSGRsWkhsWFlHRkdVeXNDZUlwWFZ4VkZNdFpETkN0VVQwa0dOSE5IWkQ1V2JXTlRiNE0wUjFGak12bFhTbmRHTUdGalN4UlVlWWxYTWF0MlQ2VnpkTHBuVHpwbU56SkZSWXhrY1U1R1o1SkhXeFJXVllsVll3QTNiTlowU0NaMlpXOWlaS1IyVHcxR2NrZDJjdTFtYkJSRlNwbGpleXNXWnlzU2J5VlZRWlpWTm5sbmR6UnpVS0ZVZDNrbFU1UVdTNUpsYTFRVFl1SlhidEZGVTMwV2QxSjBLMlEzZHIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAgaVPa.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", Akaram Kidz
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/Animax.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Animax
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/884675389859090432/ZZ_PwKWt.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", AniPlus
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d0/Babyfirst-logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Baby First
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/41/Boomerang_tv_logo.png/758px-Boomerang_tv_logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Boomerang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/CARTOON_NETWORK_logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Cartoon Network
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/1/16/CBeebies.svg/1280px-CBeebies.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Cbeebies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Disney_Channel_Germany_Logo_2014.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Disney Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.cartoonbrew.com/wp-content/uploads/20100604112357disney_junior.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Disney Junior
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://getlogovector.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/gemkids-logo-vector.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Gem Kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://getlogovector.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/gemkids-logo-vector.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Gem Kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jiajiakt.com/images/global/logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Jiajia Cartoon
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/VRT_Ketnet_Junior_logo_%282018-%29.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Ketnet Junior
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/-Vas4UzOl0KE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/_fWZBwq0qnA/s900-c-k-no-mo-rj-c0xffffff/photo.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", Kids Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tfc2BYM.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Kuriakos Kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.clipartmax.com/png/middle/74-749810_the-animated-series-mr-bean-cartoon-png.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Mr. Bean
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/10/Nick.svg/1280px-Nick.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Nick
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cyMW1lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XVlRPMVZYV0ZoMGIxb25iaHBXUTRsbVkxWjJhTDlrUXlrM2JoMTBVM01XZFJaMlIwTW1VeGRtYzR0bWVHRlhTd1EwY3dJa2JUOUdTWlZtVzVGV2NycDJVU2RIUzNKVFlDQlZhTVZsU1NsR092QmpldllWT21kbVVJRjFOS3RHYldoMlM2VmpjNmxqUlpGelFYUm5lcTlHVDJobGEwTlVacm9FYnNkMVNLQmxhUTltV1ROVVpRcEVjWFJtZEo1RU16cDNaNUFGZUpWSGR4bDJRRWRrYnJoaldHcDFMcUp6Y3VsSFV3ZEdPWHRXZVdGM2NLbFVUMnRHVTV4R1doSkRSazFXTzJCWFlpMVVkejBrU3dNMVp4WlZUMmczYlRkMlV0VkRSMlpWYTRGa1dDMUdUME5uVHdVRk56azNVd0lWYXMxRWVDTm1SUHBtVjRGbmRPZFhheHMyVGt4RWI1UTNjNElsYlRKa1V6eGtVWkp6TWhaSGFRdEVhNW8xYjFVMVphUlhiM0JqUlVGVFZ5cFhic04zVm1KMWNIbFRTMTBHVnNOemFaeGtXcXBIY3VaV1REZDNkNWNFVDRGWE94aHphWU5GYjVnR2U1NW1WcWgwYnQxV09SMVdTdzlXT3VCM000WTNMS1JYVVh0V2Exd0dSemRVVXIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/POGO-logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Pogo
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyZG1lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XVlRPMTVXV0ZoMGIxb1hlaHBXUTRsbVkzWjJhTDlrUXlZM2JoMTBVM01XZVJaMlIwTW1VNGRtYzR0bWVHbFhTd1EwY0RGSGJwNTJkek4xVDNka1NUdFVNMVZuU0JKMVJ6UkdldFpGYmtWMVpvcDJUdTkwYk54V2N6a1dPUWRHY0hsRU1NTjJZcVZrVzV3bVZVaDJUQ0ZrWmp4MGJLUlZXSWQzUXNaR1RNZGxXU1JYTXo4a2NJWlRkUGwyYlVGRVNxTmtieVpVWUpGblMxcFVNeXBWYVpsRFN2UkZld2xUU1lKR1daaFhVdmRUT1ZobGVqVmpSbmQzVHp0a2Qyb0hPTXBuZVdKVE9YTjNhaEpHVlBWa2NzMTJWM1lYYzFSM01TQkhSd2NXY1d0V1Y1cDNaeTFFYUwxMk13cFhhRGgxWWlSRWVVcEVWNUZtV3JCVmFQUmxZelEzVU41V1ppaDNiaTVVTUxKbFkwZDFVRUpEVXJFWGF2VTBkaUpWYjJNa1pLSlhZcVZHVFVGalZ4czJiU0ZqZEhOR2JtUkVVQ0pXYTN4a2NERnpZMEVYWll4VVVaUmtid1pVU0NoR2R3QlRaUHBrUk1oSE16WVZiakZuYjZCVlE1VUhOcFZGTTVKMlMwbFdibGhUVzQxRWF4TlhXamhWUXIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://content.web-repository.com/s/24572485377859353/uploads/Images/Shemaroo_Me_LOGO-02_2-4464096.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Shemaroo Kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.vhv.rs/dpng/d/461-4612823_sony-yay-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Sony Yay
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RzPOwqI.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Spacetoon
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngfind.com/pngs/m/92-923509_tom-and-jerry-png-transparent-image3-tom-y.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Tom & Jerry
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c1zC46V/idYZDje.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", TRT Cocuk TR
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d5/Tvokids-logo.svg/1280px-Tvokids-logo.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Tvo Kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7sUmqv2.png" group-title="Kids Channel", WZra Kids TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/28/Aaj_tak_logo.png/200px-Aaj_tak_logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", Aaj Tak
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/48/Abc-news-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", ABC News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Mxm77nQ.png" group-title="International News Channel", Al Jazeera
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9n02RJU.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Amar Ujala
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://edge01.iptv.digijadoo.net/static/arirang.png" group-title="International News Channel", Arirang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://tbivision.com/files/2014/10/Australia-channel.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Australia Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UxBVq6Z.png" group-title="International News Channel", BBC News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/198-1985267_bbc-two-square-less-logo-bbc-2-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", BBC Two
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://assets.bbhub.io/company/sites/51/2019/08/og-image-generic-lp.png" group-title="International News Channel", Bloomberg Asia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://calcuttanews.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/ctvnlogo-1.png" group-title="International News Channel", Calcutta News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/CGTN.png" group-title="International News Channel", CGTN
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/CNA_logo.svg/1280px-CNA_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNA
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e3/CNBC_logo.svg/701px-CNBC_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNBC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/cnn-1-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNN
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wyKc0nX.png" group-title="International News Channel", Dunya News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LD1Lj0v.png" group-title="International News Channel", DW
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/ET_NOW_220px.png" group-title="International News Channel", ET Now
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vectorlogoseek.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/euronews-vector-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", Euronews
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/o/6/6554.1489225299.png" group-title="International News Channel", Fox Sports News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/R77S4T4.png" group-title="International News Channel", France 24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/be/India_Today_TV_Channel_logo.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", India Today
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AATXAJz0yqo9CQPGbJLD1IpyBCowrDV9ZtWS408jnyEzzw=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="International News Channel", India TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mrUAPtg.png" group-title="International News Channel", Khyber News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1b/MirrorNowLogo.jpg/200px-MirrorNowLogo.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Mirror Now
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/NDTV_247.svg/250px-NDTV_247.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", NDTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pQ7nl12.png" group-title="International News Channel", NDTV Profit
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c1/Newsmaxlogo.PNG/259px-Newsmaxlogo.PNG" group-title="International News Channel", Newsmax
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7b/NHK_World.svg/1200px-NHK_World.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", NHKWorld Japan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/Russia-today-logo.svg/200px-Russia-today-logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", RT
http://?PTQyTVpSbGE2MTJaUlpsTjVabFExdFdUeWtrUk45R2JNaFRad29sYzQxa1YzbG5Tc2hHVHhOalZMZG1NcEZEZG45VWJ5SkViTjl5TnJObVlpWldOSUpYTVp0aWFZWm1iQ2RrWXpobFR6TmxVUk5tZUJwM0t5aDJMeFowYXhWWFNQTlRWNkJ6S01kelVSWlhjeFlGY0pwVmNWbDFiamR6SzJkVGV6aFVZT3BXUVlkVlV3b0VlVkpETmpsbk13SldZRmxVVnpOWGFzRjNTTU5rZE5SMllXNVdkcmxWWjVabVNEeFdSSDEwYVVoVWNwbFRhbFZUUTY1a2QxTkVjS2xuVHBGVVdDaDBkTFYwTkVWSFdyVkdkNU4xYks1bVRpMUVienMyWlpsWFE1VkhScE5XV1dkRVQ1cDJZMWNtV1VWR2RaaDBWWFZYTXd0a1dIQmxNeWMyU1N0MlV5NTBaeGtIVUxsMmR5dFdWSE5XUlBwV05EaFRkdmNWY3lKelZ4VmpjMVpWUk9sWFQ0b0dTeGdsVzNNbWR6SWxRcnRFUnl0V2VXdGtUMk5IVGlaV01vVkhjNnBsTjFZRFYxZEhTVEp6TlZWblJJcFdVMWQxWktWM2FUdG1ZeEprVFQ5eVFNTkhNWHR5U1V0eVpoSjNONVlqUTBsbU4=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://static.epg.best/uk/SkyNews.uk.png" group-title="International News Channel", Skynews
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UdcSRtu.png" group-title="International News Channel", The Weather Channel
http://?PWtYWjRzbVRHOWtjWEJYVXlORlR2UjBjdjl5ZFR0bWJZVkdVMXBXZDVkSE5CaEZXNWxFYlJGalphQjNMeHdXUWtsMWQ0d21SMloyVHJGbmNqRjFWWjFHZUJwbGF5VkRhd2hHT3NaV051aEdPWEpGTnFkR01TbHpWWlpXZUlwM1JLZFVNb1JEWkhoR1dXZG1jVWxsV0hObWE1NG1kcUZ6THdoRWNaTjNNaXRtVTFzR1d4QlZkTEJWYU1oM1V1UlRjMEoxVTFnSE9hdEdjTXhXYjJZMlp4Y1ZXdkowU0tkRGJ4d1dTeDRVWjBVV2Q2ZERiSjEwWjJwRmFZbDBSWWxYY3NSMGFLVmxjMElYVjFGRlpxWlhWR0ZuVTE5R1cwTW5VWFoyY1A5eVN2TkhjemRITjFNamRaZFdSMHdrVDNSRWNtTkVUTnhHVzNkWGRMTkhUbWxXTXl0aU5JdGtjdloyTDVvWFIzWlVSdlJ6Y0lkMmNDUkdjRlJrZTJzaVl2ZDNhcWgyTHVKV1RJaFhWbEJqUjBZMWJLVlVhd3NFZTBoalJLcG1kTmhHVTRnR2JxbERkVDFVTVl4a2I0cDNTamRuVTU5R1dGOVdUWWhYZGtOV1JJTlRjb0Z6WUJWVlI2bEhWNHNVWnJORGJXRlRUd1pYZW90bWQ=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/Times_Now_2010.png" group-title="International News Channel", TIMES NOW
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6e/TRT_World_logo.svg/250px-TRT_World_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", TRT World
http://?PUVYYkJOa1NrRlRjTE5EVXBWM1NvaDNjUWhUYVhKWFY1SWtTcngyYWs5Q01SRkVicTVHYnhaVk9KSlhWQ1ZqVXVkRmJ2UlViTUIxTDVoVFEyZ2xRNXBtWTRWbVUwaGthUk5WWlpaSFcwMVdUWFZGTkdaWE1NaDBSU1ZrYXJVbFl5WUVVMHRVV3pFbFkzRW5jajUwWm90R2R5RW1NNGxXT3VWRk5KcEVaUGRIVklsMVkxZFdjdXRTWW5aVk4xUlVXSmhrVVpwbVFIaEhiVXQyZE9Gbk16ZzNOMGRWUjZGVVJqbG5TQ2RETXhSRGNKbG5WNE1IUnM5VVl0bGxTMHNHZE9kVFc0bGxiMFUwYTFkM1YxMVVNUmwxUjJkV1J3SjNUemxUY1JWRmJETm5Vb1JUZGpSMGQ1b1hWRXQwUzFoMWMxWWxRelIzVjZSWGExVjNScGgyYTMxR2NYVm1ieTQwYjROMVRwSlRSNFUxUkkxMmNHbGtRbUZWZWg1bVU0c0NXNHBGUlVCSFN0cFdPWmRVVXY5eWRtSjJOeFVtZHVSbk1QeFdPdlVIYmFoWFYzaERhR0ZEVTNrMmRvQjFacWwzTjVobWNyZEVWSVZHZDBCRk54WmxTNUYyYVVoMGJPdG1WMEFYVlhSVmVxRkZNbWRuUW45bWNuRkdlTEIzVFgxRVR2a21iQnBWZGtGV04wbDNZVHRFV3FWM2NHRldhUVZYYnV0RWIxSjFScE5qUVpGMWFIUlhWUkZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/VOA_logo1.png" group-title="International News Channel", Voice of America
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iwQc4dx.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", WEATHER NATION
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/37/AXN_Logo.PNG" group-title="English Movie Channel", AXN
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/AXN_WHITE.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Axn White
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Blue_ant_entertainment_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Blue Ant Entertainment
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/Blue_ant_extreme_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Blue Ant Extreme
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/5ca3012fcbc70colors-infinity-main.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Colors Infinity
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/aa/Comedy_Central_2018.svg/3543px-Comedy_Central_2018.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Comedy Central
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/cw-logo-png-transparent-cw-logo-png-image-free-download-pngkey-the-cw-png-300_188.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", CW
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/Doma_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Doma
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.sat.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/DubaiOneTV.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Dubai One
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/9-99565_fox-tv-logo-png.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Fox
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/Fox_Life_pt_logo.PNG" group-title="English Movie Channel", Fox Life
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/FX_International_logo.svg/1280px-FX_International_logo.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", FX
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XVlRPMWRYV0ZoMGIxb25laHBXUTRsbVl4WjJhTDlrUXl3MmJoMTBVM01HZVJaMlIwTW1VNGRtYzR0bWVHWlhTd1EwY3JSVmQzRlRTc1JtWjBSM1owSW5TMDFHVHpjVmFKRkZhWVZtZDZaamV2OW1OS0JEYXR4R2RwVmpNclVYYTRjVVZyZDBRNnAyTXJrMFFPcFdlM1pYZENoVGJ3TVVTUk5GWm9kSFpPNTJTMThHTmhWVlVYbGtjeEJGYnZjV1d6cG1Wak5rUjRsV1F4OGlSM056Y3poa2Vyb1VjdlozWk1oRlNFVlhVSEJYTVVaM1ptaGtVR3BtWjZSelV6UTNNajEyYkVSbGNGNTBhMlpYUm9wVVlyVkZXVGxqU1d4R2MwTm5jS3htY0tGR2Qwa1VXM2xtV3lNRFJ4d1djMGhWT1o5a2NZVnpRTk5GVjBCMWJLQkRaWUYzYnVKM1NIWkdkeUpUUk9aMGJ0aGtUTmxEY0VOWGFZUkRXNFUxWk1sWGRsSlVkM0pqUVVOR2M0UUhXcTVrYVJOMGRtbGpTNk4xWXlwR09UOW1OMDUyU1VSSFJYUmtkck16YVpOMGQ2WlRackJWWVZkWFVNZG1STXhXYmFwMU53MTJZMlowZENOblRNRjNMdnNtWVFGa2FuRjFZSmwyWnkxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/4_fun_hits.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Hits
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XVlRPMUJYV0ZoMGIxb25haHBXUTRsbVl0WjJhTDlrUXlzMmJoMTBVM01HZVJaMlIwTW1Vb2RtYzR0bWVHQlhTd1EwY3cwbWF6bEViV1ZqTnZsemJPUkRjRWRIZDRjbllaTjJjWXBYT3pJbVl0dEVNV0JUYzJrMmJEdFVadU5IZG9oVWIwd2tRb2hYVmwxR1RMWm5kSFJuUkdKRGFGVkVWalZWWjNsV1dpRjFOeHBtYTJRSFUzUVZkT0oyYWhSbVp6QlZhTkpEVDJkM2MwSm1iM1ZFZHRSWFI0MDJacFZXV054MmQ0c21TNmRtTXN0aWJzQkRPcHhVTjFwMkt3dDBhM0EzYTBkWGM0UVZjSGRqVzE1Mk00SjJhblpIY0psblJZbHpVR0ptYXhabWJ5NGtONkZUWXB0aVNSSkhWdlVqV3pBM2I2TkdVeWgzUjNsbFJ2bEdTRGhuYXlWR015SUdjQ2QwUWExRVp6SlhRaVZ6TTI1bVZLbFRPMmRFZXBaRVRENTJOc3RHZTVjelp4b25ZSTVrZHU1VWV6d1VheEpqTTJ0R1I0UW5SeXgyUXpzMFRXcFVkMzhTUVQxR2RwOVNPT2RVZU9KWE1PWmpSNmhWZEN0MFl2ZzNLdlIxY0doV1d2MDJOWFZYUlJoV2IzSjFjalIxWjAxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv4
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://media.loveitopcdn.com/5875/thumb/346x259/171127-logo-k.png?zc=1" group-title="English Movie Channel", K+
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d1yjjnpx0p53s8.cloudfront.net/styles/logo-thumbnail/s3/082010/MBC_Action.png?itok=gyyxtxBl" group-title="English Movie Channel", MBC Action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/136-1363813_paramount-comedy-logo-comedy-central-hd-png-download.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Paramount Comedy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/df/REN_TV_logo_2017.svg/1200px-REN_TV_logo_2017.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Ren Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/tvfanon6528/images/e/ef/Sony_Sci-Fi_%282019-.n.v.%29.png/revision/latest?cb=20190821223256" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony Sci-Fi
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XVlRPMVpYV0ZoMGIxb0hjaHBXUTRsbVlwWjJhTDlrUXljMmJoMTBVM01XZFJaMlIwTW1VMmRtYzR0bWVHRlhTd1EwYzRvMFpxVjNNNnRTTjZaM1owRXpOMmMzTHdkbGIzSTBjRmhUYmpSRFp3SkZPNmxsZURoV2E0UW5UckJIY3MxR2J3ZG5hcGxGTlpKR2VuQm5OcllXYkRwWGVNTkROMDBXTXJoVk1YVkVhdklITjVoVFVDcDJaNkYyZGtCRmMwTjBVNGhWWm5kV1c1SmtZNUlGZVNOWFIxZ1RZcU4wY0dWRE5ZeDJTM05VUXpNMWMyczBaeFlUV3psalNyUkVNMWhtVVpaWFRybDJkaWgwUjZGSGQ0VmxNRGQzYTRoWFp6b21kMUpFY1FsalFTMTBkdWwwWnR0a1ZLTm5kbVYxYnBwMFpNQmpjRkJWT3ZkRGQwWUROd1VYZWlORFJNTkRjQ0pETkJsRU1yUm5aWUZHT3JabmVCbGpiVnRtZDVZamJWVlhXcU5VTTF3VU9aWkhlM28wVW90MmNuMWtRMU5FVzAxR1YwVkhPTXhHTk90aVZKbGpjeFIxZFl0Q1V4WldlNFV6SzZGM2JqRlViNnRtZWpOekw0UXpNcHBFZUhGV1kzMVdOR2RIVFJGR2R2NGtTMkp6ZHQxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://n.divan.tv/img/global_img/media_api/channels/b9861f5f/aa10a18d_med.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony Turbo
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b9/Sony_Channel_Logo.png/300px-Sony_Channel_Logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony TV International
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/ca/Spike_logo_2015.svg/1280px-Spike_logo_2015.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Spike
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/9/90/STAR_World.svg/1200px-STAR_World.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Star World
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGbGJCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XVlRPMVpYV0ZoMGIxb25kaHBXUTRsbVk1WjJhTDlrUXlRM2JoMTBVM00yYVJaMlIwTW1VcGRtYzR0bWVHcFdTd1EwY25SRWUwZEVlSWxuZW9SMlNYWkRjT0IzUXhKelNpQjNaT2xsWUVkVmF0WkRlNU1UWVpabll1aEdldXR5Ym9kRFNPZEVTck4xTnc0R1Z6RW5NM1IxVjVZRGRuVkZjTmhrYzVwa015Qm5SdVpYTXUxVU9OSmxkRFoxS29kVFMzTjNkcFJITlVoV2FZVjJTellEYktaWFpJWlVNc1JHVEJsVWJpVkhVc04zYVE5Q2RPQlhNaFIwYXo1VVpCaFdTTHAyYVpSRlo0YzBaeXBXU0VSbWFzZEZhM0ZIWkpwblJSRmxSM1ZUZTFBblJ5bEZTcWRtUmpCbk41bFdRMlZVVlBoMGFpaEhaa2QwWnFabVF4Z1ZSd3RtZHBaelV0NUVhcUpqTXJkRE5uTmtjdkZWU3JWbmN6OEdjNFIyWkdOR2NXSm1UcVIzS0l4V1JRZFhZWVZIYmlSRGJJVmpacmNXYjBWR01POTBOMEFuYjV3R1dCbHpjd1ZUZEhWVVUxQjFTaUZETlVwbWJTaGtRQ3RXY0M5U09PbGpVcGxVVTRjbVczZzNWMlVtVmh0U2JKMVdPc0ZXVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/Syfylogo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", SyFy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/a/a0/Thrill_logo.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140607175204" group-title="English Movie Channel", Thrill
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/42/TV5MONDE_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", TV5 Monde Asie
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRb0XBwp49K3GZ6DfRvKhle6OWogG_TR1nyyw&usqp=CAU" group-title="English Movie Channel", Usa WWE
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/64/Warner_Bros_logo.svg/982px-Warner_Bros_logo.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Warner
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/732-7327906_zee-cafe-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Zee Cafe
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.terrorism-info.org.il/data/articles/Art_18131/hamas_099_3.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Aqsa TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.iptvmate.net/5e933b41b3bdf92f6965c700.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Istiqama TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/uk-wesal-tv.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Wesal TV
http://?PTAyTVV0V09xQmxkWWQwWVJ4a1QzbFVRS1IwY0NwR053aFhlM0ltZDQ4V1JLUm1NeUZHU0s5Q01CQm5hNVZUVEg1MmE0VlVRTEJqYTFGSGNVUmpRcUIzWjExMGRyeG1jQnRDYnpjRFc2Qmpjd1ozWndzbVd1RlVOaFYwY0o1V000b0ZOcGRYWjVvRVJIcEdkdlFWT0s1R2NQUjJNeTBrTW9oRU5obGpOMUJuTnBOa1Q1cFZkeWRsZTNGamRuaEVPblJETjJvV1JyWWtkeUprZVRWRFNQbHpRcWxUTnNobWVKcEhVM28zY01kRWRCaG5XM1VtTXJsR2VvWm1aclZuV2g5MGR5RW1hTlIwYTU1RVN2bEVlRDlHTXRkblZMWlRhek0yY0hGR1p4UTJTMnRFTnJZRFUwb0dNNDRVTUNoemFKMVdaMEJEZHNaelZ2SXpaalpYWVBkblVMeG1hME1WZUNaalp2QmxjMEZ6WnJ4bWVyNGtWcVJsY3pWMGFwSkZOMTFrY3ExRVRCUjNRMEVIWlBsa2RrbEdkclkxTHZoamN3WURablIzTllobllzWlRlMEpHYWtGMFRzMUdaa2xqTjV3MlVoSkRhak5uYUxWSE9oZFVScTVtUmlWMmJ4cG1OMkl6TWxkVWMwYzJWUHgyZHlSblM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nettv.live/uploads/allimg/20/1-2002112204140-L.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Bahrain Quran TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/j7a8hcd.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Bible Explorations
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.vimeocdn.com/portrait/5136072_640x640" group-title="Religious Channel", Hadi TV 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.iipccanada.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/iipc_origin.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", IIPC TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqra Bangla TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3bug9dU.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqraa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3bug9dU.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqraa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Makkah_logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Makkah TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Makkah_logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA 1 English
http://?PWtuV3Y4U1VIaG1hM2wxYTVFR1dybEZXcWxqVjNsSFdocEZOQlpVYUZGWFlKMTBZdXRFVE1kVVJ4QTNLdHBHTjI0MmRFVmxUaFZrVHR0a2RoaEZOUGhtWU10MFpya0VhSWhHUk1wVlNvWjJNaUZHTnNwMmJYZDBSSnRrZVpGMVVJTlZSNU5ITzBJVk4zcDJVUzVXZXBSVWJoQmxabXRTVDNkalozTkZjSXAzS2lGRVV0RlRkc2xVUXNSRlVveDJiR2wyVTM4V1prUm5ZWFJuZVF0RVd5TkhjeU5XZHcwVVd0MTJZakZqZU9WbmRtaG1ObkZHZHZSamV3UkdSbmwzUzM0a1dtSjNiWTEwWjRvMExyQmpiQ0J6UzM4V2RWVmtWWUJEYW5GVVF3RWxWeTlpTnJNVmV4Qm5NRDFHTUI1R2JNSkhWMXhHZHBSRGVpTjJUMEZYVnhkM2F4NGtkRTVVYzVBRlQwUm5ZMk5sWlVCWGVxaEhTV2REZXNWV1F0aGxhblJFYlMxVVc1YzNMM29YZHhaemM0Wm1aMEpXUnE1RU1seEdaeUozVVRoelUwVkdhNEUyYnNkbFR4NTBVNVpWVXJsbVo2dDBUNU56YWFabWJ4OFVjcEZUYVRwRVR2Z1dlR3hVV0tsRWE1QnpjRmxVWTJoM2FsUkhXeU0zVTRoRFJKRjJkMFJtV3VobVF6TmxUeFVuVTRwR2FtOVNPMWdXYmFsV2VZVlZaemhIYUpKbFM0NVdNWVJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b3nn216.png" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA 1 Urdu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/uk-mta-international-3683.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.thenoor.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Noor-tv-heder-logo-copy-1.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Noor TV UK
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.peacetv.tv/templates/images/english-logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Urdu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/U1XFyOx.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Saudi Quran
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6uT41kj.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Saudi Sunnah
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XVlRPMVpYV0ZoMGIxb25laHBXUTRsbVlyWjJhTDlrUXlBM2JoMTBVM01XZVJaMlIwTW1VcmRtYzR0bWVHQlhTd1EwY3ZFRWM1VnpSQjEwS3ZSMUtPSjFLSWwzUVdWV1JGaDBkajFFVWtCVmFvOVNORVJqVkJkMksyOGlOd0oyZEN0U1JSUlZRNVZUVUNOMmFEeG1WdkYwZHVGRmNZWkZWTXBrZHJKMFlZcDBMVEZYTndOMFNPQjFjMkpIWmxGSGVuRmtOSlowS1F4Mk1hcEVjU2hsYXhVRGIyb2tUd3RVVEtkbFdUZEhUWUZHVVlaSGVDSm1jd2dqVzR0VU54SVVZWlpYWVdGV2QzWTJjRWhWVTNGVFN2ZG1XSWRETUNsV2N3TWpWTzVrYW1WamV1MTBRNVYzTVJwVlJONUdOM2xET0pWVWVCWm5TMzlrUW9WVmFEUkRNNmxtVW5sbGMzNW1lSWxXWnJRbmI2RjFOaFZ6WVhOWE91NVVNMmR6WnJBbmJhQm5keTVVU1M5MEw0QlhiNUVYYXgxbWEzZzFZV1JFZXZkMU5YaDFOc2wzYTB3bVJhSlZhSXBFT3lVMVp6cFVXUnBsVEtOWGQyUkhkUVYwYzVsM1ZUNVVTNWRUYTJkbFNNbFhkNVJVVDZoVWNrbDNONHgyWnYxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Shubhsandesh
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Swamiji TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Z2Io8n4.png" group-title="Religious Channel", The Islamic Network
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 1HD Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gNWg9tl.png" group-title="Music Channel", 30A Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/857130996499722241/n1sI-sPl.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 7 S Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://n7.nextpng.com/sticker-png/58/527/sticker-png-pakistan-8xm-television-channel-streaming-media-non-stop-miscellaneous-television-text-logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", 8XM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.indiantelevision.com/sites/default/files/images/tv-images/2015/05/22/9x%20jalwa.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Jalwa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa (1)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa (2)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3aycxVe" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Jhakaas
http://?cEpXTWpSVVdpcDNaeXNHYjVVVmFNeG1TeXcwWjBsRGRucGtUMEYzTnJOR1N5RkhkeklHYnlFRFV6Sm5NeWxVU0dKbmFIaEhaUVpqY1BOVmR3SlhPMUp6TXNsWFQxUW5UUE4xVENSRmV6RmxTWEZuTXFCVlo0d0VUMWRXUjNnbmFqVkRkdTVtYk9kMFFwSkRhNnhXTVBwbVFFTm5kTVpHYXZNRlRhdEVkNHBtUjExVWJ5WTNUd1ozUW1sV2JxSmxSeHQwTTRoRE5OUjFSRzlHYlF4V2VrVmtjVFpIVHc5a1RudEVUSlJGTTFnWFpxUm5UR2hrZG9ORVNuRkhWcjEwUzV3R08yc1dOWVJqZEg5aWNuNVVVR05HUzZ4a1V6UkdWMVlYUURkVmN4WVdidUIxS2x0VWNxcEhPd0luYTBBWFdJRkhSbDFVYVNSak56a1ZZMnBVV0dablJXaDJTMWRtZWFwWGN6SUdUaWxIZG85a1F4ZERiM2gyUnVGVFZYbG5lVUJsVTNrRlN1cEhPRVowUjJFWGF1UldiYVJXYXFGbFUwQXpZekIxVkw5bVRzaG1icXgwYTZKVmR3OFViMGNrVTNOek14UWplSWhHVFlGbmFrSjBkMEprWXhzMFYyRnpWWVpXVGloV2F6bGpVTVZVYm5KVE14eG1Vb1JsZHNCM2FSSlhWQ1pHWkY5VWIwTlVRTEYzWnExVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Tashan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qw5saV7.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Tashan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3l3hIS6" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Tashan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Tashan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9xm
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.iwmbuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/are-you-huge-music-aficionado-give-9xm-soundcaste-podcast-list.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9XM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/2Y9KTc8" group-title="Music Channel", 9xM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9xM (1)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ACB TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Afrobeats
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ary Musik
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", B4U Kadak
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.the-ba-group.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/b4u-music-logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", B4U Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S0GrDsQ.png" group-title="Music Channel", Balkanika Music TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Balle Balle
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV Classic Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV Greek Music Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/2EfPNNy" group-title="Music Channel", BFlix Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/alJj9sb.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Boogle Bollywood
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3g0xwB7" group-title="Music Channel", Box Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iv85GCc.png" group-title="Music Channel", Box Hits UK
http://?PT13ZHlCRlI1aFZjc2hXVGlWbVN4ZDNTNEFWTUJaMGF2Z2pOMHBWTTN4V2MyVTJiVWhHYnVKalJYSlhlelJWV0hSWE42Tm5WWFZtUzQwbVR2MEVONVUwZGtkVVVuTkdUclJ6VHdJVE5tTm5Rd0VGTjQ5Q2V5OUNUWXgyUXhGVVU1VUVVeGNuZURkamIyZzFiM3RXVnJZSFUxdENaeVlHWnpCM1F6OTBkSzltZDZSbmU2WkdaNGhEWnJoMWJPaG5jdHAyVndkMWJJdEdkMEFWYzRsbVUza1RRdHBHYXA1VWIyRVdka2RYUWtGMll5UkhiS0pYZFpKblZyaG5iWloxYlNORk5RSlhXbkpXVHY4V1IxWlhRNU0wTDZwRmEzSldSTnQyTG9CalVQUm1OQjFHZUcxMFl1Rkdla1J6YzNvRWFvZEZjNWQxVVh0MktDRjNjS0ZsYjJVWE56Z1djb3RpVGpkM2RhaEhWNDkyUnJ3MmNVbEViV0pFVndOblZZeEVWRU4zTjFKMUxPRkVhbEpqV3hwVk1wSjFjS2xrUjBvWGMzUmxVVWhFY0pGRFdpMTBRcUYzWXZrMVJJTkhSeWRFYk1sR2REbDFObGhtVzAxa2NOdDBVTVozVkJOVk1YaGxjQnhVVUkxVWV6aEZPV2RVZGk5bVRqeFVaeXQyYzZWSFVWcEZhdFpsVkJkVE93RUhUWlpUWnVSSGFQaFZjclpYVHhkMFJ3VVZXRHAzTlZOVmJ2Y1RkdmNUWTFSV1pzRlVXTk5UTjNoMkwwcFdUdHBWZUc5Q1VPcDFZMk5qVk50eVV3azJONVZqUkxoemNTcFdNS2QwUnE5U2JXeG1hSk5IVUJoVlZyTjBiMGd6U2lwMGExQlRVdVpGTkp0V1RYaERjeU4zYjNVRVR5RlhjNnRFTWxkRE1OVlhRdFpqUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://batv.gloss.agency/site/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/balogo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Brit Asia TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/zh/f/f8/CCTV-15_Logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", CCTV15
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Cine Voice
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LJ4Hpdc.png" group-title="Music Channel", City Music TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Company TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3g5QrdK" group-title="Music Channel", Dabangg TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/DancestarTV/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", DanceStar TV
http://?dGhWVllaR2J5VVhOdWxXUkxGSGJzSmxkb2xqWXNwV09xVkdjSWwzVklOa2I0SUVkeDFXUTI5VWN3RlRiM3R5WXdvV09EdFVUbWxqYkdGamRxcG1iblJGVGxsM1ZMZG5ZMjlFWlhSRWExSW1OM29rYm9WblVaZDJMSDVXUWlkM0xLdDBjUWhtYTZGbVY1OXlRdkF6TEZOM1VGaFdReUlIZTAwbVdyNEdOMzEwVXNKR1V3WjNUdUJsVTFOR2Mzc2tiNElIVHhOMFZZRlhaNU5uZXlSVU1reGtiSlprVElsa1o1RmtRWmxqY3JJWFRybFViUHRHYTNnVE50SkhkMlpYZUN4MFFzZG1XVVJVYXo5RWU2Vm5XR3hFYzZoR2RyZFVUNUVuTlpKbllQaDFkYTVXZVJaMlp1dHlLT0Z6U041bU1tUmtkNElEZDA4VWJ5WjNRc0pVVUJsV2N4bzJWeVVtZUxwSGIyQVZUSU56THd0eU5IbEdkM1UzVTF0RU9PQkhidlV6S2h0V2J3VkZlamgzUjFablVzcGtiMFZ6ZHNoVE9VTjFjdDVrWjRobVkwRVhXeTVFZUVsMWFRZERXd29uTW5OMlozTVVVcEpuTTJWMFZHQmxiM1pIY050eVF1RmtRRnR5VXIwR2FpUlVld1ZuZHBWM1VYRlRiNk4xU1VkelV3SlhOSmxWVmloRGVSNTBMNk5VVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", DBM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Desi Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Desi Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Dil SE
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Dil Se
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Animation
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Classic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Classics
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Dance Floor
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Karaoke
http://?PUFuWXlsM2R2SW1kMElHTnhJMlV1bEVNc2xWUkRsSFpGRkVPcFJGY1hKelFvbEVaNkJWWUlOVGV3MUdUM2RVYjNoRGJJdFVRTFZYUjFGbFFoRlhlb3AyUm85aVJsaFRlV0JuUks5aVowUkZTU0ZqWkhsM0xQWjNkMG9HYm9WamFHTkhkMVJFVEdobWVzZEdkRlIwYzNjbGRZVlRZNnRtVDJSRk1UUjBVYU5YV0RWemJDcFZiSGRHUzFza2Q0cDNieFVVZDJvWFdzaGpSMmhuZXdFM000RVVjNlYzTjBnelRpMUdXQ05uZFVKM2F2bDBTR3BWT241VVFwRldkMDFtVFp4bWNSSm1laUJIYnRWRk11MUVOSk5XVmk1MmR2a1hhNFlYZDB0V09abGtXdnAyYTFFVk9oQm5NeEkyTDBSbmRydG1OTGhrZDJabVNuUjNheUUzTDRsRk5VVlRlakZuU21GM1N0aFRTSFJuUjNKblFtNVVWMnNXZXc0VWNTTlRTdEJsWWlobmU1RkhWNlJUZE1WMmF1ZDJReVkyTnNWblowVkdNcmdIVXk1V1l2Rnpadk1ITVkxRU8zWnpORDVXY20xMlFvWkRUb1JHYjB0R2FIVlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Underground
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/e24-tv-channel-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", E24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.livefarsi.com/uploads/tv_image/ebc1-tv.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", EBC1 TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Express
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Ju3mLgq.png" group-title="Music Channel", Fresh TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/gaanbangla.jpg?x91288" group-title="Music Channel", Gaan Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Gabru Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/k9kHJv9.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Gabruu TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1VlArCc.png" group-title="Music Channel", GEM Arabia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zAFt893.png" group-title="Music Channel", GO-RTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Guitar Relax (Music)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Isai Aruvi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://myshowtime.net/webtv/channels/jalwaa.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Jalwa
http://?PXNtU3pBbFRERnphdzhtTk1GamJ3TmtNMWNYTkdOWGJXaGpNTVpsYzJoR1c0MTJWcFZETTFRMlJCZEhNUHRVY3dRMGM1MVdOT0ZWZXBkalRESm1UR1JYU1FSek5DNUdielYxYXNGVFQ1ZDFZVGxIVEhOblU0UXpNczl5ZEZoRmJoeFVkd2QxYzRobWJXTlhXcTVXVTFjemJxbDFRTFZEYXdWVmI2OUNNdWQzUTBwblFqSjBhT05EUmtObFM0OVNXQ1JuU3NSSGRuSjFOdzFFZHhBRE1GWmxidXRpU0JoRE1EeEdkNXBGZUhSSGRQaEZVdGhtVjBKMU1RZFVTbUZYY3A5R09yZG5jV1IxUjA4aVc0NVVPaDlVY3U1MlRsUmtSTVJUYldOMGIwTkROeFJUY0tKWGV3TTNhMEFEZXlNbGI2Um5keUFYWncxa1pZaFhSRzEyVXJaRVNySWxhRzVXUXZRMWN3VkViYTlVWUhwWFpvTlhVejFFZXQ5U1ZyVUhPcU5qUnFCSGJvUlhXM2NFZDJSbmN4NTBWMGdqY3FKMU1CaFZVTDVXTVMxR1c2RlhjQ3htTndSVlczWkVSaFJtZUVoMllKWm5lMEpUYkN0V1FJbEZNeFZEYVk5eUx5ZG5jejhrYVJaMmNVbFdiVGRFTXFoMGI=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.jhanjartvindia.com/images/Jhanjar_Logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Jhanjar HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gIYOu4i.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Jhanjar Music
http://?PThXTzBvVk9HWkVjQ1JEWnlVblN5OTBUc3hXV0JwMlVqOVVUcGhsY3ZNMkx4bGtjeVoxYzBZWE1QaFdZbVJuWU5sMGExaDFMenQwVDFKemJSUkVhWnRXV3JJak5LaERlaWRFVERKbU5vTlRidEpIVlVkblR4UWxhSEpYYUlkSFc1cFdaNlJGVTE0bVR0ZG1SMFFFYXBaVmUzMVViMVUyWTNsMFkwZFZlQ2xuUWlWRU41QVZlMzlDVXJFbWIzcEhPSGR6TVZ0MlZqcDNjMGtEYXc5VVVrZEdUMWhXZVQ5a2R5TUhjSVp6UTFNRmJhNW1OR3RVVjNsbU1UQmplWGRHYTFkMWRNMWtlUWh6TUh4V1Q0WnpNSFpGTTZoSE1oWmxkRkYzWjFZR1ZGcFZTMmhVY3Y0a1FubEdlMnMyTXhGRWJsVlVNaGxXUjFsRFpUUmpUWXQyTDNGSGRFZEZha3BYYnhkR1NxOW1hbDFtYzAwR2NDOTJMUVptZXB4V053RkZhMkptZE5aV2RrUm5WVEZXTjJWWGFzdEVTM3RHVjZWbVFQaERVelUzTUoxR1I0WmpjWXhVZG81bVFxVjNaQmx6TTVsSGFzWjFaMncwYk81RU5oaFRTc2RVU2hsRmJJZDJZV0pHV09kWGNFQmpkTnAyTnB4bWE=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NMw1xRRp/Kadak-Hits.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kadak Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Kadak Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mncchannels.com/files/logo/1440755188_logo_mnc-karaoke.png" group-title="Music Channel", Karaoke Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/C53XtK5f/zaltv.png" group-title="Music Channel", Karaoke Channel
http://?PVVIZXpWMExyOUVjRlpIVFNOR1VubGphdlJsUnZKWGJQaFZaRnR5YXdBekxCZGplcHRHV00xRWNRNW1ONU16Y3JNWGNQdDJRU05rWnNWWFRZbGxTVXhXYXVkVGJUUjFkRWRET1A5aVUxTjFUM0JGTnJaM0xURlVkTWxGYUNabFEzZFdNMmRrZTRKVVMwMDJaQlZWVURsa2V2ZFVNdmRHZTBOa1VtQlhkUlYzWXpnRGFLbDNjRkYyVWFoV1J6Wm5lSVZ6Wm1wSFNvTjBUWkJYYWxOMlJ6eGtidVpuUTR3MlNFbDNVWkpYY0RWV2J3RVhlaVZIVDV4a1N4OHlWeVkzZFNWa01acDBiTUJ6TFFaVWJ3WmxieHBtWVdWblVQaGxlVDEyYzRGbVRVVmpWdXRrVDRZa01RSjNaWmxsTWp4VWI0WnpRTmhWZXJSRk9abFVObjUyTmxSMmJUOTJjb1JGTXZNbE1xUm1kd2hWTlZ4bWF6WTBNU1ZGYTRJbFMzUldNb1ZtWWlwbFNJUkhXb2xUWUtSMlp4bFVjMk0xSzFORVUyTlRhMFYzVFZaVGJhbEZhbWxsU1ZKbk0wbG1WRFZEVm5CWFpvZEhWbjlXYkhOM1lJZG5aNXhVVW4xVVdTZEhaTmRuV3pGbWNFZGxiTHAwVG9sRGRQUlhRalYzTjJGVmR6Z1hkdnQyYWhkelR6SkdPM3MyTjJGM1RWUjFMUEZ6YzRvVmMwb2tXbk5WV05oR2QyNFdSMHNXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7v8wmsb/7H8WKei.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kral Pop TR
http://?PWduTmFOMFJTRkhhM1pUY0cxVVZ1OXliRkZXTXBKWFY1WldVeDlTYTRaeksxNUdjMFpsUzRWMEswbEhibHBsV1VkMmF0bGpiMWdXUXNwbmJKbHpSUzVXV05Wa1p2ZFdickpYTkVGVWMxeFdRcDFVUlVWSFR3RmtXV1YwYjFnelIycDNZMWxVTkM5MFo0ZG5NNWRGVXhFbWJyTUVaU2RYVXpoMWMzQlRabWxuZHhvbVJsSlZhNWMyWjBwSFp2OTBjUjl5UjFvWFluWmpaVUYyYnpsRWVVaERkcWQyVjRkMWQwWm5RQmRVUkx4a2N2aDFiVXBtYTRGek11cEdOU1puVk1OVFNPbEZlVnhtVkl0U1V0TkVXU2xtUTNaWFczb0hPc0ZYZE9KRlQ1QUhTdloyWU1wRWFNNVdkeWRIVEhOamQxVUVWc3AzY3RGbE1odDJNMWhIUm5KbFpQUmpjM0VuWkk5RU93UnpjSFZWWUR0V1ExVlZka0puZE5GMGNTTlhaMnAxS3BOemM1QkhPaFZFY3VCVmNIMUdhYUZqTXR4R1JseDBWNDRtUzAwMGRDWmxhTDVXYTY5U1p5cEVWalJVTVNGblQwWUdNbEJIYlg5Q2FITlRReWhtYTFKMVk1NDJMaXhrYjRWamRETlhjUkJWWjU5V1Y=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Kronehit HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/q6K4S0N.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kuriakos Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/lamegaworldwide/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", La Mega Mundial
http://?PUFYUTZ4V2I0UURkUUIxUTRWbmFvRm1UM2htY2ExbVp3SVVjbDVHZGxoRVJ6WVdidzVVVkpwRWFHQlhPbVYwUXJ3RWFTVkZhV1IzWjFkalRKTlZRSmxHVFlkVWIxZFVhb0ZGZU1CVlp0cDJjUjltVlpwM056cDFONWcwZGg1RVNTUkZUMWRsVEdWV09aUm5WSlIxVXdRVmRNZEdjWGhrWnNORlZ1ZDJMMjRXWWlsa2RVMWtlQ3hFYmx4V2V5TmtOd29sYmxsSFMzUW5aRDlVZDE0VU9OZHpNcTFtYlNoa1MwazNVS2xITTVGamVIUkdadlpIYjNGalN5MVdWRkozTkJWellhdFdlRGRUU1JkRlR0bG1XSzFVZHk0MlNRTjBWNVZVYzM4aVZPVkRhMHRFVkRsVWQ0dDJhenRVWnRKV2U1ZGthTGRITTZWVmR3MGtZRWwyWVNsRmVVTkhlNGtVVnRoMEx1dEVlc05YYnZJM2NtTkVXeFFFY3ZJRmJKTlhONDFXT0xSRGVwRkhNdkZqTTVRa2FqNUdleWtHZXNWRlZEUlZXczlHVmtkMlN4SWxkMWxqUlVkM2JyTjBZMXRHWlZwM2R4TTJLR1JrYW9KSGNraEZSMWxXTnlBWE9EaDJLSDVrYjJRMmRYUlRZMDVHUjV0Q1dYQjNMMlpITk1kalZpeFdkTGxUTXVwVlV0OVVXaUp6Tnh0MlFyUlZTYUYyZERaalZyY1hReEpUU3Bwa1NhbDJTc0ZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", LiveTV HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/34/Radio_m2o_-_Logo_2019.svg/1200px-Radio_m2o_-_Logo_2019.svg.png" group-title="Music Channel", M20 Musics
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", M2O IT
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", m2o TV (Music)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", M4 Malayalam
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/QZQhg6C.png" group-title="Music Channel", Magic TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3gXQutG" group-title="Music Channel", Manoranjan Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Mastiii
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/t8CpYpP/LcUYuJ5.png" group-title="Music Channel", Med MuzÃ®k
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Mk Tunes
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GPPBEiZ.png" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0f/MTV_Logo_2010.svg/220px-MTV_Logo_2010.svg.png" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Beats HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Biggest Pop
http://?PVUzVkZ0MFEzOVVkTmhVVzVrVldwRlVTU056TUZ0MmMyZDBLdk5WZTJBSGFxRkhlNnBVVUVSWE4zZ21VTHRHVUhKRmIwbFdkQkZXWXB0MFF3eFdUVEJuWnA5MFNXQkZjYUZrTTRZWFJycG1jclIwVnZzR1ZDUm1UVVYxYU5CRlRIWlVaNXRHYzFKRFJPSm5VdVZGZXdsbWRQMUdSSTFVVDNwR2NaNTBMcUIzTXdGR2VDUkZhT1YyWjU5V04xWmxOdnAyVVd0bWNOTkhPT05VZTB4VWVvUlZOcmRUUXJobFR4cG5RRUIzVjBOV2VXcFhNenRHVHV0MlkzeDJRanRHV3J0RWV6aGpienQwVXpJbWU0aGtXdk5GTzRVWFRCNTJTNUlGYVZoMFE1UW5XcGx6UmhSMlQxTlhNclpUTVdSMFphcFVjeFJVVHNGbGUwWVVVejEyWVhwR2EwUUZlbGh6TTFBWFFxbDNUdTlpZTVBM1EzbGxSM0YyWjRRalRITmtadlJrUlo5VU9SbEdPeGdGWkRKVmMwNVdZb2RqVnBKMFkxc21ZcGxuYVhkbU5PaDJic0YyZFdKM1M2VjBZbGRIYzFFWE1uSjFWekF6WkoxVU1LSkhPc0pFUnlSRGRvcG5keG9GT3ZrRGRtcG1WMHNTUXJaRFY0ZzNOamRIZE5oRk9aSmpjbFIzTGo5aWF5VkdNcVZsTVkxV2VrWlhkckkyY3BCalRYTjBZcGwyTVo1RVpuaDNLV1ZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Block Party
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Spankin' New
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV WMA
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV YO!
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/M/music-box-russia-logo-6A5FA79FB5-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Box Russia
http://?PW9uU3pBbFRERkRldzhtTk1GamJyTmtNMWNYTkdkWGJXaGpNTVpWYjJoR1c0MTJWNVZETTFRMlJCbEhNUHRVY3dRMGI2TnpOckluTjFKVmRySlRjMklYYVY1MExaTkRjMEpsZXZGRVQ2bGpVaEZEZVMxbWNLSkVVMHRpZHhvMmI1OFNjNlIxY1JGRE1hUlhPU1JGT3hvMVp3UVVPeVZUVG9kMFE1bDFkUkZIVDJ0V09aTmxia2hVWVI5Q1U2SmxXUWRVUjJzV2FuRlZicDFFZURWelVsZFhSdmwwZGlCVlJJZDJMbWhtYVhObmUzc1ViajFtTTVSM1Z4QWpVanhXVFdkMWEwazBjR3AwU1VSV2FvcG5RVVZqY3BOSE0xZG1RcmR6YVRSamUyc2tibkZHTUtWVk5JZFdZdVozTlh0R2FuOVNRalpGU3A5bWUwMFdRSjVHVU10eU4xSW5jSlJEYTVva2NubGtaVGhYYUtGWGVpaG5ZckZUYk1oRmUzMEVVcVZVUnNwbFJMeFdPRk5EYzNRMWNGOVNOSkZVTjJaRmRoaDBVdmtXU1BWbVIwa0hhME0wWks1MGFvcDBRMThVZFYxMmRaZGxhd0VEYnFkV1Y2bFVRMU5FU3hna2JGRlhTMFpsZG85bWNYTldSNG9HTXN4MGE=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PRgvj4c.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?cEp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XVlRPMU5YV0ZoMGIxb1hlaHBXUTRsbVlxWjJhTDlrUXlJM2JoMTBVM01XYVJaMlIwTW1VNmRtYzR0bWVHZFhTd1EwY205VWJKeEVObVJEY3habmVuTkZhYVZuWjNrSFJ6OW1hbEJGVXpZVmI2TjNSNVlUUWtobU10RlhZQmRqYVFsbWV3RTBTd1owS0JCaldYdEdkeloxUnI5U2FrUkdaRFZYZTR4bVIzNVVTSmRtWndVbGU2QkhhcTlFY3R0MFIyZFZiU3R5ZDB0V1pQUkRUMkpsZDVzR00zaDNadVIxS2taVlZ5TkhWd1Z6YTFvM1pESjNNMTQwTnBOVGRJSkZkelozU0M5a2J5SmxlVWhXY2taa1lwZEhlYUoxVFZkV1I1eFVieHNDYm5kbGM1WkhNcHhFZFdSMVFCRm5lMFFrZUdKWGJ2a1dka3R5UW41VWE1NEdPczlXTTBvbWM1eEVheXBVVWtwbVdzRlVZWXgyVTVCWFZHTmxkYWQwZDRnRE5CWlVSclJHVHZwV1dQZEdWRmhtYXNoRGRTMTJjRlZUVm81RVM0WUdkbGhHZXpVbFVTRjJhdWhWV0NKRU1wUkdlaUZETlc5V1p1OTJLcnRHYU9GVllwbFRNcVpuWU9KVU9yZG1iT1pXZU9KVmVCZG1Nb3AwZDExVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DJhTTmR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?dEpXTWpSVVdpbDJaeXNHYjVVRmFNeG1TeXcwWnVsRGRucGtUMHgyTnJOR1N5Rm5ieklHYnlFRFVwSm5NeWxVU0cxbWE1SkZhU0oyY3Jjak5GUjFMdVJIV0VkRlZ4bFdRRVYwVWpsRWRYaERTVk5rZHFOMmJpNWtZSHhtV3ZFVGIySWphTFpUZEdGR1M2RlRkWmhUU1VSSFpxRjNkSVpWZFpwV1k2NTJUeFpVYllsR1ZDbDNaSGxITWtGMWFyMW1WdDFFUnBaVlR6cGtReHNtYXhFV2VxVkhjRE5tV0doR1J1Tm1ha1JuUUtoV1kzcFdkTUJEYkdoVVFyRmtZcmQxTVJ0aVZENW1VU1ZFVHVGVmE1WVVkR0ZETXBka05PVjBjUGRtV3dJSGNySUhkek0zWWxSVlQwdDJUblYzYXFGWFNtcGxhRFZYZHUxVVRSbFhadE5ETXdsVVJCcEhTeWwzUW45R2VPcGxZQlIzVXRSbVR5WTBZSkpuWUhCekwyaEZlaXRDYXY0bWRuSm1ObjlpTkVwV1duNVVjWWxFYVVsM01NTlZXMk4wYTNJWFQybzJNR3RpV1Z0MloybG5aMHNHTXVoVmNMaG5XMmNIYjRORk9zVnpjMGhWTkx0V2N5WmpZMVUzTXZKWE5JQm5UemRrZVNaa1VSRjNWcEpXYzRvRlR3cG1lUU5XYWlsVmMwSlZTUVoyZHExVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/618036953/music_india.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3h6yVaT" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music Mastii
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/0gsamt5l40x1qgo/Music%20Top.png?raw=1" group-title="Music Channel", Music Top
http://?elpIU0RSM013ZzJUekpVVXlWR2N6RWpVelIzZHJka1E1UUZkRTUyVWxoemJDaDBheEVGV3JvMGR6ZEdScmRFUzJvMlRTQmpZWXRVZXJGMFZJOWtSeWxUVG9SRVUzb0dWcmxqZDQ4U2UyUm5RMFlGTXE1V1RhUmxZek5IZHFGRGJVSkdibTFVVlhwa00wSlRWbFoxYW5GbmNqUlRPNUpIYktoRWIyRm1jdFpEVkoxMk0wMUdTNDBXTlVWMmJqNUVaejFtTjFsbFcyWVhZMDhtYnpaektrMWthd1ZFTTQ5bVFyQnpkNThDY0hOWFR3aEdXMjhTYnhGRVMwTm5iekZuTWgxa1p5ZzJSSTFFYjA4RWF3Y1dOMmhsZXVkMUx0SldRcmMyYVBaSGJ5VUZhSnRtZVZGSFM1UmxWamhuWWhkWFFITjJTaHgwWk9aRFptSjBNdXBXZGlwblQ0Rm5Rc04zU0x0eWJWeEVOcHhtTW5KelNuUm5OejhHUjBrblZ4RkZkdk4yU3g1MFlxOW1OM2cwS3Vobk12TmxSNEFsYVNWRFVXTkVicWR6VXZCbGUyMVdRdUYyU0hwWGVYbG5XeXhrY3M1a1ZWdFVTa2htYVN0V1pTTkdjUFZqTjNsWFozZG1Xa1JrUTJsR2JrTjJMTGxsY3FWVVc1dG1VM0IxUTZoM1R4NDJZUmQxVDZGbmJWOUNaak4zZHgxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dKpLbh6.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Top
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dKpLbh6.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music TOP
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Musik Live
http://?PTRHU0lkbVEwUlhlTEJqZXZWbWEzSlRld0UwUjZkV01PQkRWMElUYjA1a2FweEVWcUJUZG1KVmF1cEhkSmwwUzRnR2FtZFVhdVZsWm5aemN5OWlkVmxIVjBOR2UyUjNkaGgyUmFwRVJvSkhSd0lsYXBaWFZqcDFOM1YyYkw5VVZpVkROcHAxU3FabGVwSjNWREpqWUVwWGNLNWtjdUoxYXZwR1Z3eFVVWjVXVnJRalNIcDBaejhrWnpVV1Z2UkRXTFZUWlJKM01UcFVjeUExYTRrRlZXaFdUeGQzYUN0VVpVdDJMbnBuVHdkMWJyMDJaMGgyVHlaWGJVQjFUNVJYYnI1VWJtSkhibHBrV2toelR3UlVabHhrZElsbk5qdDBUTk5YYjNCelN5SjBOd1pITzBGMVlFaFhZSGhHUjJOMWJHNVdTMFExWjI1RVR5a0ZOMTFXTnlkRmJMTlZjQ1ZUZHAxV1N2cGxVYVpHTTI4MmJCdENWTmxFZXNKMFN6SjNNcVIyYkdkM1JoNW1iNlowTkloVGJtTnpjeTFtTXVOa1lYTlhSQ1IzTk9CbGFOZERlYVJEVVVwR092aG1lRnhrVXgxbVZ4TjNac2hsZFU5Q1J4aFZTd2xUU2FGMFJUUm5XejFFZXdKbGU0TTNNejVXTjVKa1M=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.navahang.com/apple-touch-icon.png" group-title="Music Channel", Navahang TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/pK2p5ey.png" group-title="Music Channel", NG
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", One HD Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/100uuWA.png" group-title="Music Channel", Play TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/3xSS9fw9/Pop-Patakha-Hungama.png" group-title="Music Channel", Pop à¤ªà¤Ÿà¤¾à¤–à¤¾
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Pop à¤ªà¤Ÿà¤¾à¤–à¤¾
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/umdJ2mP.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/portalfoxmixtv/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Public Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Punjabi Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/s0CZjmi.png" group-title="Music Channel", Q-Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/P8cVMle.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Qmusic
http://?PUFIVmpGelJVVm1iRlZFTVVCalc1UmxieW8wS1VwbU0zVm1kbGxtZXZOWFEzNEdiNUZXYTNaR1MwQjNUdmxUU1J0R2JPUjBUdkpIUjJGbk5FOXlacmhtYjQxV2QydG1jU3RHVkJ0MEwxbFhZMnNHTzFkbldNTjFiUzkyZGExVWNLVnpZeHR5UnZZMmJLcFhScDlVU0VKbWR6UjBOT2hWYnRCblFpRlZWQmgyY2hGV1FzZDBkYTlVZXNOMlQzQnpOWjlDWjBrbk40UTBkMGRUYTZSV1ZCdFdRdVprWUpabFRQaDJOMFpGVzBFamNSNUdUa0pWUnU1VVlhcGxjNUVYV09Sa1pRQm5jek1uV0hGak00eEdid0ZGYk5CbmVPZHpLbU4wYVVKV1N6NTJOdlpuU0ZKR1VqcFhaUFpXU2pSV2N5OTJTMmdUVm5KVWFhbG5NcU5IYjVKV1Mzb0ZhbDlHTlY5VVkydGtSb3QwYnIwMk52NVVUVmxHZDNsM0tCSjNNM2QyWWxsbVFZVjNja0ZXVUJOSGEyWlZiR2RtWnVWWFc0Z2xUQ3BXWWlaVlREVjJiUWhFTTNselp5VlZWcWhYYlhSWGVuMTJUczFrYndjMGJyOUNPckozTHZZRVMyZDJMM1FXUlVKbWVXRjJMb3BsUnNSRlo=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Contact
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Italia Vision
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DfugVgy.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Piter Pan TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RMjFeGE.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio PROS
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9pvCYaA.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Weser TV Bremen
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NiO6TYC.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Zeta TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://guidatv.sky.it/app/guidatv/images/epgimages/channels/home/25780_home.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radionorba TV IT
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/0c65bafaced938497a2a4caf0306c9d3.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", RETRO MUSIC TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ru Tv
http://?PUVuYkRwa2JMRlVlRkJIY1FoVFV5SjFVU1JuYmlwR1RRVnpSUVpEZE8xMkxZTm5aemxrYTFRak4zaG1UTXBXYnlGa2FqQmpjNElET3pCblFLcG5UTFIzS3BGSFNHVldjamRVWXBaSFQwQkhhT0JYWWpOM1ZFaDNSc3gyZEdGR2QzWjNOM2gwTHpwbmNrdFdSTzFrTkdWVGNMcG5OM2x6TDZOR2U1SkhSRHgyWnRWelNXbDJhSTFHWm9SMFE0WjJSNHNrVFFkMmJVZHpWM0VHZDQwRWFHNVVlMnhFYUc5MkxZRlhiTVpYWVVkVWJIRmxVVXhHVXNOWFQzcGtUdHRtWnlNRU9NTkRjS2huVXBaamV6ZG5VNnRpYndGSGJ5WlRXemNVYXpGMFNCRkhPcTVFWnhWbU1rWjNTR3RVTUZCbGRXWmthMWdIVng5aVdPTkRONEFYVnJ3MGRPaG5jck1HTlRsblk1RlhUa2hXYUZKblVyZ1hjQ05HY3VsR08zcEZiekoxUlBaVU5UdFdOcU4zVFNoRmFuOTJOMGhXY3BwRU5ROXlhUHRHVnUxMEtaVm1hak5GTXNsRlpwaDBhV1ZtVjBsbldzRjJTdmhYYXBoRU53Z1RUczlTVXU5eVZEZEhiMXBtYkNWMmRDQjFZdmxWTTN0U1c=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Sakkat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Sangeet Bhojpuri
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", SBi Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", SHOWBOX (1)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8Beeu4z.png" group-title="Music Channel", Sunburn TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", The Box
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fQUzBsz.png" group-title="Music Channel", TMA
http://?PUUzWUdSVll6eG1jaUpXYXdJbldyTnpiangwTnRsWFN5SWpOeUZqYXNWemE2WjBhdmQwTW9aVVUxOFdTWUZGYjRVVmVVWm5UelFsY29sVVZ4RWpXTjFtYnNWRldKbEhidzAwYzRFRVYxTkhONGNsTkZsMllxTjFibEYzWnlrWGV4SkhSbmhuWUdWMU1ubDNhMDhTZDBrWGV6aG1VM1FqV3VGVVRJWjJNNWQzVEhKWE42cFZjYWhYUkhOa042QkROVkoxU0R4R09ESjFUTnRXYm9KWFRESm5WNHhVYXdVMlphSm5kM01WZW81a2J4UkdlUnRVTTF0MlRFWlVVd2xtVjU4VVV6TVRjeGNYWkxwbVlzVlZWM2hFTUlSbll2bFRiNElGYUNwM05UcDNMdVoyS3labmRRaG5URVYxUXFoWGVySWpjc2xqUnBaalQ0c0NSS1YzVHprRlIzWlhleE1WU0poSGV1bG5Ud1FtWmloV1VpeDJkUWR6YXpJbU14NVdXeWRrZWtaRWUwaEhPQ0YxWmpCbGV6bzFMd0FsTW5WMVlFcFZXc05YUW5OVVVNdFNkejBrV0RGVWM2UlhhbVp6TUZoM1J3bzFkMU0wYXVWR1dodFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Pmq7bGH/Bi8eMX9.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", TRT Muzik TR
http://?PWMzZDBaR1dLWlZka1IzYTRVVmN3VjFkYTVrZXVwR2RLaGtkcWQyYVJGRVZ6a0VhNUozVlM5a1poUlhXaUZ6Y0M1a2RCQmpReVVWTndkalp4WUZSNEUzYllKRFIyWTNiMjVFYVJOMU4yeDJTNHNHV1ExR1Q0aFhWb1JVYmlOelFrSjJUeGgzVnBwRVQ0cDJNMkIzVDJKRWFqOWlkdWhWWTAxa1FURm1XcGgzYlFWR1daUlVlUGRtVDBOelFzbERhYUZsZFZwSGNIUkZleVIyY0xSbVc0MEVhblZWVXJrM1V5WlhVUVJUUlVsRWF1cFZiMlprZTVOM2MwdGthckVIWnZsbVY2cEhkM0kzZEd4R092bDJMM1ZVWUNaWFN4TlhPWGRFYUNaVFJvSmxOckJITVg5bU5pNTJUb0JuUXA5bWFMUjNZUlZ6YjJCM1F5OEVVdmwzTjROVVlSUkVialJVY2FwbFo2aEVNQ1Z6TnNWM0wyRldhMHBtY3V4Mk02bFdNNVJYUW9ObGI0OVdlMDlFZGFGVWRLeEVkSWRVYzRsamFFUm5kekkzU0JObWRMSnphMHRpZG9kbk42WmpVa3RrU3paM1l4QnpOeUIxYlVWRmR6SjBVcmxHTnFKVFkxZG5UQnQwUXlSMlp4QVRiV3RrYXhGSFM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0RcNFXt.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", TV Duga Plus
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", U tv Lives
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/vtwobeat/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", V2Beat TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Ll6GlqY.png" group-title="Music Channel", V2BEAT TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", VH 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", VH1 Italia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GmgibYW.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Wanasah ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/31Zf7jp" group-title="Music Channel", WOW Cinema One
http://?NnBtVTRwM1V3bDNjMWNWVDRVMFp1TmxlM2hEY3hoWFRUTlZPM1ozY29CVlNrMW1jdkYwVUZaVFo2ZDJRNDhVVFlwSGR4QjFOMUoxWjFSamIwbzFRcUprVWhKVVJCZEhNT3BIUk1kMWN1dFNXeW9XTzFSWFFQaDFSVmRtY0hKMU5zSkZidGRXVFRwa001TkZjWHAxZEk5V1FUVkZhSWxHYlZsMlY0b21WeTFVTXpsbFVXTjNMQkZYVVBKM2NXMVdhVngwUTVaME0waHpSaDlXZEdaR1pDZHpicmxVYTFJWFMzTlRla3RVV3JaM1pJbG5jMTlpY2hKa00wb21Wc2RFT1dGR2JESjNZQnRTVTJnWGNaTm5aTzkyTHZaak1NaGxVejQyVmxGRFRpQlhiaUZVV21kbFlwVlhWMVkyVTZOblYzbEZUcm8wYXZsa2REZGpjMGQyTDNnR1VMSlhjbk56VXpOamRXbEZWa0IzTXQ5MlptbHpTU3RXWVJsa1FSSkVkdEJWUTNjMlFzaERWd0pWWjJKWFkxZFhiUGhEYTBSa000ZDBLMloyZDBOMmE1a25heW9VWU9oM2NDMVdjaTltUTZKMEtpZG5leG9IVWlKMmJXdFNhNEltUjIxV1N3bHpVMmRsWlZkM1NDeFdRcnRFZXZwbFcyZ25jcEpUTnNOMFlGRm5hWXAyZG5sRGIxZ2xZeE4yWngxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Wow Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/LgQBtTh.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Xalastra TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/ZeeETCBollywoodLogo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Zee ETC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Zing
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko Gold
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko STAR
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko Expres
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko STAR
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.slagrtv.cz/files/logo-slagr.png" group-title="Music Channel", Å lÃ¡gr
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://lion-tv.com/uploads/posts/2016-09/1472964269_178.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ð Ð°Ð´Ð¸Ð¾ Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð Ð°Ð´Ð¸Ð¾ Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¡Ñ‚Ñ€Ð°Ð½Ð° FM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.tv-logo.com/pt-data/uploads/images/logo/shanson_tv.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½-TB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.shanson.tv/image/logo_160120.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½-TB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ BY
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ BY [FHD]
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ RU BY
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ RU HD BY
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://m2.tv/assets/logo-231ef42a791ac4e9287a94c6dd492ebd740ad3bea40f789cd489683b758ff65d.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ðœ2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐœÐ°Ñ‚ÑƒÑ€ Ð¢Ð’ HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐœÑƒÐ·Ð¡Ð¾ÑŽÐ·
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð?Ð¾Ð²Ð¾Ðµ
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zeeentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/flix-280-200.png" group-title="ULS PLus", & Flix HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/4f/Logo_of_%26_Priv%C3%A9_HD.jpg/220px-Logo_of_%26_Priv%C3%A9_HD.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", & PrivÃƒÂ© HD
http://?MVJFZVo5Q2J5d0dVNWhFU1NoSGVpZGpZNE16WXpoMmRCcDJRUHBXTUM1VU9XaFdhcFozU1dCWFo0RjFSNE0xVUhGSFc0SURlMFJUY3I5VVV3WTNOdkJITUVsV2J3YzNTTUJ6WWFWVGJya0RkNVkzUzJkMWR2TlRaSlZuUlpsMlpERkRjMUlFT3Y4Mk5xSnpkNEpXVTBSM1JFcEVaeVJtY3hkMU0zSWtiMkZGT3ZGelI0TlhURDFrVTFsMWJSSnpMbVpXUjVsVmF4Z1VaM3cyWWhSbmJQdENhdFJsTXRoSE1xTm1VUVoxTDF3MlpQcFhkMDlrZEhObVJoVkhic0ZETXZBalpYeG1Za05tU3RWa2JDTjJMS1pYVXhWVWVyMEdhamxuWVRGVFpKVlhlWFpuZUJGRGJydGlOTUJqYm05bVRGMUdhbUZVZTFrRVd2ZGxaMlptVVdCSFpTMVdXMVVVZEJsbmNMSkZXeGgwY3A1RVRETm5ObTFHZXVwRU0ybGxjRUJuVnJzR1J1cFdTM2RUZHROM2JuOVNaMkFEZWhWSGEyVWxhMDltYndramFueG1aTkJGZVRKbWNHQjFTV2hFU3VGbmQwdHlhNDQyTDRjbVN5VjNhUFp6VE1oRFRuZERiSGxHT241MmNIVmxXSEpHYjNRbVN2ZzJLd0JqWUdwM0ttTkhhRnRVVEoxVWNMaEZiSUJUVTUxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", ABZY MOVIES
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/a/ab/B4U_Kadak.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20200320100818" group-title="ULS PLus", B4U Kadak
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Bflix Movie
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://boxcinemedia.com/assets/img/logo.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Box Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GjGiNIA.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", CHCé«˜æ¸…ç”µå½±
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/11/Cinemax_%28Yellow%29.svg/550px-Cinemax_%28Yellow%29.svg.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Cinemax
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", DD National
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WjJ8MHC.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Dubai One ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0iklNh2.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Groovy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/HBO_Signature_Asia.png" group-title="ULS PLus", HBO Signature
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RPwKZUD.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Arabic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GgmXZRU.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/El4Ymh6.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Persian 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://fa2.ifilmtv.com/img/test-final02.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Persian 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Kasthuri TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GbQuvWG.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Kuriakos Cine
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MANORJAN MOVIES
http://?b3BtVTRwM1V3OTJjMWNWVDRVVWR1TmxlM2hEY3doWFRUTlZPM0YzY29CVlNrMW1ldkYwVUZaVFp6ZDJRNDhVVFloMmNobHpZUmRIZGhaM1JyUVhSNjFXWTQ4RU5WbDNUejUwTnc4eWR6ZFdXV0pGTm5KR2JTMUdNc0pYY0pwRU5zRlhiaVZqWnhrWGIxdFdNMUFYZG1SWGMyRlhheWhVZDFvR015VUVSNFpGVnpwbk41dEdkeXNTVFdwWGRURlVjV1JtZTJsbWFaSjBSdlZYVXFGME1EVldiNUJuTXdsRVRxcG1jM0V6WkdkbWNEUjNaNUlGZVpCRGFVWjBNc1YzUkhSMlVFaEdkMFVUV3ZNbmFxZGtSNWQxWTM5aVFGRjJOeGhuYkJoR2NySVRlRDFFTTZGbmFzWkhTSnRFYW1OM0tpQkRjTWQwY3ZZbFlXTkhiMkoyU3NsVGVNOTJWT2QwU05Ga2F6dHlVMmxXYXVGMVpPOVdac0YzYzVVa1dYaEdkSUJuYnBKRGFzaEVhUEZtWjBoMlZ5VVdSVkZsYUQ1RWQxRUdjMEZqTTJSVFMyd21kWUJUYnZFelpoSkhVWTFVVnZsRVZtaDFSSEZYWlBCSGRGUm1hQlIwWlJORGVxcFdiVmRETVNKM2Qxd21ZWUYxYXpoRWEwVkdUNUIzUWhGV1ZzZDNNU1YxVnNCbGJzcEVOV0IxZDQxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8f/MBC_2_current_logo.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/KXuzL1u.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 2 ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 3
http://?PWdtWXlnWFJTOWllYTkwYTVoVmNvSldiNVlsTjR3MlV4UlRVcUZEYWlGR1ZPRkZNcU5GV3JBblNOcG1NR2R6S21KSGNzSkdTblJVWXFWbFJHUkVSeHcyVFdwVk1sVlRiSUZGV3lwbVpyWmxUSmxVWWpkbWJyOFVPMUZYY09kWGJtTkVWc2hHTk1oWGMwWkhaVHhrYzNrV2E1MVVXNVptYTBGbGFLSldTUjFtZXhKMVVKNWtiU2hUTm1GMFIwSmxUQ2xsYlBoblM0Y1RPcGhqZHlnMlRyVkdkMGRtUnpva1p0bFdXanRXTUxaMGJMMW1lWUIxS3BsMlNaOWtiNHdHVHlGSFRCdG1hMDBtZDJoWGJ5cEdUR0ZXY3ZZM1ptZG5kM3NrYVZGalE0WTJVdWRUWnRSemI0cDNLTzlrYnN4MGQxaG5XNWMzU3ZsVWVtWmxUanBYTlk5aVRyVWxkakowYlRaV1ZyaEdidXRXYU1KSFU1Wm1NdzFVYVF0eWEwWUROeGgyWXJKR013aG1Wd2tEZGx0bWRocEZOdWgzWndsMWQzbEdPTXhXV1BKelkxbFRkamwxVFhWRFV5OUNXNUZWYVloWGV2VWpSNjVHYmhaemJ6TWtabkJGUkNwMk0yWkhOTXAzVHpKbGJsZFhUQk5IUjZ0R1NxeG1SdmdYWTJNbmJoQjFkelZuVlNSemJ6OTBNMHRXZHd3R05hZGpONFVUYXJVWFMzdFNRMHAzS1dCVE1wSm5hT1ZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/n3TgfP0.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Action ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Action HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/F5ER0we.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Drama ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/F5ER0we.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Drama Plus ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/X6EliFm.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Max ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcQizUbUT8maNhKAFqfByMLR7iwuILbHrJ2Tlw&usqp=CAU" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Max HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/mn%20plud%20hd.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", MN+ HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pIuJqYk.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Movie Kingdom
http://?PWMzYzVJRGE2MUdhelpUWk9wRld4OUdVMGxuZDZoWFpOdGtiQnBGYUlOV1QxVkRlc05qVHU1V09KUlhieUJWTTVwMmJUQkhhTHgyTXd4V1c2TnpiNFJYVHd4V092bEhjMWgwWlI5Q1N6WmpOeUZYTUJWM1JROVdkVWxXYkVaa2NRRjFLcVIxZE5obVJLNVdTUXBuWXJCVGV6UTFMbTl5VXlkbmI0dFVNdk4zVlhoV1JCVlZjQ05YY1dkV00wVkVUQk5FZFd4MlJSSjBkekluZXdGbVV2RkhNNUoyTTRFM1ZPOW1hQmhXUmloa2J3RTJWV1pqU3RaMlpoSmxlTXQyYVNSMGJhbFhldEZFV1VOMGN2dEdabk5uYXd4V01rSkZOa2QzWkloblFLaDJONUpuZXROamNVZFdlNUVIUnpFemJ5NVdTMUUxVDJsemFGMUdTV2xYVnVKR013OUViWlIwZEdsVlZ5UkZibVJrYk0xbVpGSlRiNXAzWnFoRWJKUlhNNGxrUUZOak1FMUdaWHBHTnZwa2JzaGtiMnRtZTJkVmExQTNMbWQyWU1KVFczRldkbTlHTjFVR2R5MUVSUk5FTkt0bVMxRTJhRE5GZEJCelNZTldZdGRFUjJCelRDbG5RclozTTI0R2RuWmpaV0owZDJwM2M=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/eec31809f3d6d71fced82e9d9143a57637a6b9b80f5474e67feb1d5ffc482884.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Movie Kingdom (No Break)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.nettv.live/uploads/19/1-191215202451457.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", NewTVæœªæ?¥ç”µè§† åŠ¨ä½œç”µå½± (Backup)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Prime Canada TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Raj Digital Plus
http://?PT1nZEhKbFFMQkhUeXBXV1hCblE0Vm5kMThTT1lWemJuVkdOV1ZHVnRwR042Um5OMGdYVzJ0bWNKVmxjSVJWUWFwbVd0TjNWNGtGVjNaM1VNZFhNYVpuYWtaWGVTcG1kMVpYVXRCVldFTlhaT1JVWlhWMmM2cGxOS05WYnlSamREOUVScXRtY29aVVZFRmtkUFJtWUdGM1F5NW1SMEZrYnIwV09uaG5OaVpFYTVoWE5GWjNkMjlFY21sV1FFZDJSNUlrU3ZjamJSaG5ZMGtsUnBKbWJ5Z1dSNEpuVFdsbmNHTnpkNVVXY3FsbmM1VkhheUVsYjNaWFNoUkRkNWNEY3JOVWQxb25TdFpGVTRWVE9WQlhOdmwwWXdBbmR5ZERUaEpVYnNOM2F4RlViMWcyVGlkVE9MVmxhREpIVzNaM1JybFRTaGxuU1VkR1pySVdlWE5sZFI1R1RoQlRjd1oxYXpZV2RybG5TQkpEV1VWemRGeEdVeWxYYXVkSFp0ZDBid2hIUmtSVFRPbEdiNWRGYzROVVJ3dFVhekZFUlE1V1pqWkVkdkJqY3Joa1JuSmxhNWxVVUpkME5uaFhVenBXWndGVWUySkhWSmQyWXdaRVJNUkhVcnhtYXE5aVJ2TURkcFJGV3h0RVM1aDJieFEwYU1aM05LNTBTWmRqYVdaVGN6dG1UbmhETXJVamEwTTNMSGgxUVkxMGR6STNjaGhYUzRoRVZ2a0ZaMmduTXdKRVYySUdhM1FYUTBkRFZxNW1WamxqYXNablpQNUdkVWRIYlZoblp5QW5kM2hWUUZWMWFtRjNSbFozTVNsR2FQSlRVWXRVYnhoald0NUdiMnAzVHk5aVlsNW1lMGh6TjZSMGQ2SjBOVzFrWW1CWGJPbDNSSDFHYnpBVFcxUjNMdngyY3dVVmRWTjNkWDVHVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/43/Sony_Max_HD.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20191222183157" group-title="ULS PLus", Sony Max HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/1/1374.1569972429.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Sony Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/D-QPvXREprDcNJ9Ypfnrxd7nZ3Uil8pHjaZUWWtOQp2hLdYh4yk0KNHOVfih_d5_iA=w300" group-title="ULS PLus", Star Gold
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ejp65zr.png" group-title="ULS PLus", TV BNO
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bEoN2tt.png" group-title="ULS PLus", TV Cinec
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hfia0wN.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Wixlar
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925755500s.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", Wow Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/zee-anmol-cinema-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", Zee Anmol Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.nettv.live/uploads/allimg/19/1-1Z5092006450-L.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", é»‘èŽ“ç”µå½±
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Ð ÐµÐ½ Ð¢Ð’ International
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Ð¡Ð¢Ð Ðš HD
http://?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
